a-	Latin
abalienation	Latin
abandonment	French
abatement	French
abatis	French
abattoir	French
abaxile	Latin
abbreviation	French
abduce	Latin
abecedary	Latin
Abigail	Semitic
abject	Latin
Abner	Semitic
abortive	Latin
Abraham	Semitic
abruption	Latin
abscind	Latin
abscond	French
absorption	Latin
abstinence	French
absurd	French
abundant	French
abuse	French
acacia	Latin
accelerator	Latin
accidence	Latin
acclivity	Latin
accompany	French
accost	French
account	French
accountant	French
accrue	French
accuse	French
acervulus	West Germanic
acetification	Latin
acetone	Latin
Achates	Greek
Acheron	Greek
acidulate	Latin
acolyte	French
acomia	Greek
acquaintance	French
acquire	French
acrobat	French
active	French
activity	French
actuate	Latin
aculeate	Latin
acupressure	Latin
adage	Latin
adherent	French
adjoin	French
adjournment	French
adjure	Latin
administer	French
administrate	Latin
administrative	Latin
admiralty	French
admonition	French
adroit	French
adultery	French
adumbration	Latin
advise	French
advocacy	French
Aeolian	Latin
aerial	Latin
aero-	Greek
aeroplane	French
Aesir	North Germanic
afanc	Celtic
affability	French
affirmation	French
affluence	French
afford	West Germanic
Afric	Latin
Afrikaans	West Germanic
Afrikander	West Germanic
aga	Altaic
agape	Greek
agave	Latin
age	French
agglomerate	Latin
aggrandize	French
aggravate	Latin
agora	Greek
agreeance	French
agro-	Greek
agronomy	French
aikido	East Asian
ajar	West Germanic
alabastrine	Latin
Alan	Celtic
alate	Latin
alb	Latin
album	Latin
Alexandrine	French
alexia	Greek
alfalfa	Romance (other)
algebra	Latin
alias	Latin
alkahest	French
allay	West Germanic
allege	Latin
allegro	Romance (other)
alleluia	Latin
alliance	French
alligator	Latin
alloy	French
allusive	Latin
Almagest	French
almonry	French
Alpine	Latin
Altaic	French
alternation	French
alto	Romance (other)
altruism	French
altruist	French
alumnus	Latin
amah	Romance (other)
amaranth	French
amatory	Latin
Amazon	Greek
ambiguity	French
ame damnee	French
ament	Latin
America	Latin
Amiens	Celtic
amnesty	French
amnion	Greek
amortize	French
amphi-	Greek
amphibious	Latin
amphora	Latin
amplification	Latin
amyl	Latin
an-	Greek
anadromous	Latin
anaerobic	French
analemma	Latin
analepsis	Greek
analogous	Latin
analogy	French
analyze	French
anapest	Latin
anaphalantiasis	Greek
anaphase	Greek
anaphrodisiac	Greek
anaphylactic	Greek
anaphylaxis	Latin
anarch	Greek
anastomosis	Greek
anastrophe	Greek
anathematization	Latin
anatomic	Latin
ancestral	French
anchovy	Romance (other)
ancillary	Latin
anecdote	French
anent	West Germanic
anesthetize	Latin
aneurysm	Latin
angle	French
anguishous	French
ani	Romance (other)
animadversion	Latin
animism	Latin
annihilate	Latin
anniversary	Latin
announce	French
annual	French
annular	French
anonym	French
-ant	French
Antares	Greek
ante-bellum	Latin
antelope	French
anthelion	Greek
anthropology	Latin
anti-	French
antibiotic	French
antigen	West Germanic
antimetabole	Greek
antinomy	Latin
antipathy	Latin
antiphrasis	Latin
antipope	Latin
antithetic	Greek
anxiety	Latin
aorta	Latin
apartment	French
apertive	Latin
aphid	Latin
aphotic	Greek
apocalypse	Latin
apodyterium	Latin
apologetic	French
apology	Latin
apoplectic	French
apoplexy	French
apostate	French
apothecary	French
apothegm	Greek
appeal	French
appellation	French
appendix	Latin
apperceive	French
appetence	French
applicator	Latin
appointment	French
appreciation	French
apprise	French
appropre	French
April	French
apt	French
apteryx	Greek
aptitude	Latin
aqueous	Latin
aquiline	Latin
Arabic	French
arachnoid	Latin
Aramaean	Greek
Aramaic	Greek
arbitrator	Latin
arboricide	Latin
arborist	Latin
-arch	Greek
Archaean	Latin
archaeology	French
archduke	French
Archilochian	Greek
ardent	French
areal	Latin
Argive	Latin
arguendo	Latin
Ariadne	Greek
Arian	Latin
aristarchy	Greek
aristo-	Greek
aristocratic	French
arithmocracy	Greek
armilla	Latin
armistice	French
army	French
array	French
arrearage	French
arrears	West Germanic
arrogant	French
arsenic	French
art	French
arterio-	Latin
arthro-	Greek
articular	Latin
Aryan	Latin
ascend	Latin
Ascians	Latin
ashram	Indian
asine	French
asp	French
asperity	French
aspirate	Latin
aspirator	Latin
assemblage	French
assemble	French
assent	French
assessor	French
assiento	Romance (other)
assignation	French
assimilate	Latin
assonance	French
assumption	French
assure	French
-ast	French
-aster	Latin
asterism	Greek
asthenic	Latin
astral	Latin
astringent	Latin
astrobiology	French
astrolabe	French
ataractic	Latin
atavism	French
atelo-	Greek
Aten	other
athlete	Latin
Atlantic	Latin
Atlantis	Greek
attemper	French
attendant	French
attenuation	Latin
attitude	Romance (other)
attorney	French
attribution	Latin
attributive	French
Au	Latin
aubade	French
auditory	Latin
auger	West Germanic
aught	West Germanic
augur	Latin
auricle	Latin
auricular	Latin
aurora	Latin
auster	Latin
Australasia	French
author	French
autism	West Germanic
autocrat	French
autopsy	Latin
auxiliary	Latin
avast	West Germanic
ave	Latin
avenue	French
Avon	Celtic
avuncular	Latin
awake	West Germanic
awoke	West Germanic
Ayurvedic	Indian
Baath	Semitic
baccarat	French
Bacchanal	Latin
bah	French
baize	French
bald	Celtic
ballocks	West Germanic
Balt	Latin
bankrupt	Romance (other)
baptize	French
Baqubah	Semitic
barbarity	Latin
barbarous	Latin
bariatric	Greek
barometer	Greek
baron	French
barony	French
Bartholomew	French
basil	French
basilica	Latin
basin	French
basinet	French
basis	Latin
bass	West Germanic
basset	French
bassoon	French
baste	French
bate	French
bateau	French
bauble	French
bead	West Germanic
beal	Celtic
beatification	French
beatitude	French
beau	French
beaver	French
beche-de-mer	French
beef	French
Beguine	French
behest	West Germanic
beignet	French
beleaguer	West Germanic
belfry	French
belive	West Germanic
Bellerophon	Latin
Bellona	Latin
bellow	West Germanic
belly	West Germanic
benefice	French
benevolent	French
benignity	French
bereave	West Germanic
beret	French
Berlin	West Germanic
berserker	North Germanic
Betula	Latin
bey	Altaic
bezel	French
bezoar	Semitic
bhang	Indian
bibber	West Germanic
bibitory	Latin
bibliography	Greek
bibliopole	Latin
biennium	Latin
bigamy	French
bigotry	French
bilious	French
bilirubin	West Germanic
billet	French
billiards	French
billion	French
binate	Latin
binocle	French
binomial	Latin
bint	Semitic
biota	Greek
bipartient	Latin
bipartite	Latin
biretta	Romance (other)
birthday	West Germanic
bisect	Latin
Blanche	French
blaze	West Germanic
blouse	French
blow	West Germanic
bluchers	other
Boer	West Germanic
bog	Celtic
bombazine	French
bon	Latin
bonanza	Romance (other)
bong	East Asian
bonny	French
bonus	Latin
booby	Romance (other)
boodle	West Germanic
boondocks	East Asian
booze	West Germanic
borborygmus	Latin
Boreas	Latin
borscht	Slavic
borzoi	Slavic
botony	French
botulism	West Germanic
boudoir	French
bounteous	French
bourn	French
box	Latin
brace	French
brachiosaurus	Greek
brack	West Germanic
Brahma	Indian
Braille	other
branchial	Latin
bream	French
breccia	Romance (other)
breeches	West Germanic
Breton	French
breviary	Latin
brevity	Latin
Briareus	Greek
broccoli	Romance (other)
brochure	French
broil	French
broken	West Germanic
bronchoscopy	West Germanic
bronze	French
brose	French
brow	West Germanic
brunette	French
bruxism	Greek
bub	West Germanic
buckle	French
buff	French
buffo	Romance (other)
buggery	French
buggy	Indian
bugle	French
bull	Latin
bunch	French
bunco	Romance (other)
Bundestag	West Germanic
bureaucratic	French
burgher	West Germanic
busk	North Germanic
bustier	French
cachet	French
cadastral	French
cadenza	Romance (other)
Cadiz	Latin
caesura	Latin
caiman	Romance (other)
calabash	Romance (other)
calamity	French
calcaneus	Latin
calcite	West Germanic
calcium	Latin
caliginous	Latin
caliology	Greek
callus	Latin
calumet	French
calumny	French
Calvary	Latin
calyx	Latin
camerlengo	Romance (other)
canary	French
canine	Latin
canker	Latin
cannoli	Romance (other)
canon	French
canonization	Latin
canzone	Romance (other)
cap	Latin
capacious	Latin
capacity	French
Capella	Latin
capillary	Latin
capital	Latin
capnography	Greek
capon	Latin
Cappadocia	Greek
cappuccino	Romance (other)
capriccio	Romance (other)
caprice	French
captain	French
captivate	Latin
captivity	Latin
captor	Latin
caput	Latin
carat	French
caravanserai	Iranian
caraway	Latin
carbine	French
carboniferous	Latin
carceral	Latin
cardinal	Latin
cardoon	French
Carmelite	Latin
carnage	French
carnality	Latin
carneous	Latin
Carnivora	Latin
carob	French
Carolingian	Latin
carom	French
carotene	West Germanic
carousel	French
carpentry	French
cart	North Germanic
Carthusian	Latin
cartilage	French
cartilaginous	French
carton	French
case	French
caseous	Latin
casque	French
Cassandra	Greek
cassette	French
cassia	Latin
cassock	French
castellan	French
castigate	Latin
castor	French
casual	French
catalogue	French
cataphract	Latin
cataplexy	West Germanic
catechism	French
cathode	Latin
caudal	Latin
caul	French
cauliflower	Romance (other)
caulis	Latin
caulk	French
causal	Latin
causative	French
cause	French
causeway	West Germanic
caviar	French
cedar	Latin
celebrate	Latin
cellulite	French
cellulitis	Latin
Celt	Latin
cement	French
cenacle	French
cenotaph	French
censer	French
censure	Latin
center	French
centigram	French
centurion	Latin
ceremonial	Latin
ceremonious	French
certain	French
certificate	French
cetaceous	Latin
chakra	Indian
cham	French
chancel	French
chanter	French
chanticleer	French
chariot	French
chasten	French
chastity	French
chatoyant	French
chazzan	Semitic
checker	French
Cheka	Slavic
chelate	Latin
chenille	French
Chersonese	Greek
chervil	Latin
chetnik	Slavic
chevron	French
chez	French
chiasma	Greek
chief	French
chiffon	French
chiffonier	French
chimera	French
chin	West Germanic
Chinook	other
chiromancy	French
Chiron	Latin
chive	French
Chloe	Greek
chloroplast	West Germanic
choir	French
cholesterol	French
chorizo	Romance (other)
chow	East Asian
chowder	Latin
chrism	Latin
Christopher	Greek
chrome	French
chronology	French
chrysalid	French
chum	West Germanic
chute	French
cicada	Latin
cicatrix	Latin
Cicely	Greek
Cid	Romance (other)
cigarette	French
cigarillo	Romance (other)
cinnabar	French
cinquecento	Romance (other)
cinquefoil	Latin
circensian	Latin
circuity	French
circumcise	French
circumjacent	Latin
circumnavigate	Latin
circumscribe	Latin
circumscription	Latin
circumspect	Latin
circumspection	French
circumvent	Latin
cire	French
cirrus	Latin
cistern	French
citadel	French
cithara	Latin
citronella	French
civet	French
clack	North Germanic
clang	Latin
clap	West Germanic
clarification	French
classificatory	Latin
classify	French
clastic	Latin
Claudia	Latin
clementine	French
cleric	Latin
clientele	French
climacteric	Latin
climb	West Germanic
clip	West Germanic
cloaca	Latin
cloister	French
closet	French
coact	Latin
coagulant	Latin
coalition	French
coccus	Greek
Cockaigne	French
cockle	French
cockney	West Germanic
coco	Romance (other)
cod-piece	West Germanic
coelacanth	Latin
coercion	French
coherence	French
coherent	French
coincident	French
colic	Latin
collaboration	French
collapse	Latin
collate	Latin
collective	French
college	French
collet	French
collogue	French
column	French
comatose	Latin
combination	French
combustion	French
comedian	French
comedienne	French
comedy	French
comet	French
commend	Latin
commendatory	Latin
commentation	Latin
comminute	Latin
commissary	Latin
commode	French
commodore	French
communalism	French
communicate	Latin
companion	French
comparator	Latin
compass	French
compensable	French
complacence	Latin
complainant	French
complaisance	French
complicate	Latin
compliment	French
compliment	Latin
comportment	French
composition	French
comprehend	Latin
compressor	Latin
Compsognathus	Greek
comptroller	Latin
conative	Latin
concede	French
concent	Latin
conception	French
concession	French
conclusory	Latin
concoct	Latin
concomitance	French
concretion	French
concurrence	French
concurrent	French
concussion	Latin
condemnation	Latin
condense	French
condescendence	French
condign	French
condole	Latin
confederate	Latin
confidante	French
confide	Latin
confidential	Latin
confines	French
confiscation	French
confusion	French
confute	French
congeal	French
conglomerate	Latin
congruous	Latin
conjoint	French
conjugation	Latin
conjunct	Latin
conjunction	French
connoisseur	French
connotate	Latin
connotation	Latin
conquest	French
conscient	Latin
consolate	Latin
consolidation	Latin
conspectus	Latin
conspicuous	Latin
constable	French
constabulary	Latin
constance	French
constraint	French
constriction	Latin
constringent	Latin
construe	Latin
consubstantiation	Latin
consul	French
consular	Latin
consumption	French
consumptive	Latin
contact	Latin
contagion	French
contemplation	French
contemporaneous	Latin
conterminous	Latin
contessa	Romance (other)
contiguity	French
contingence	Latin
continuous	French
contort	Latin
contra	Latin
contractor	Latin
contralto	Romance (other)
contrapositive	Latin
contravention	French
controverse	French
contumacy	French
contusion	Latin
contusive	Latin
conus	Latin
convalescence	French
convection	Latin
convenance	French
convenient	Latin
conventional	Latin
conviction	Latin
convival	Latin
convoke	French
coop	West Germanic
cooperate	Latin
cop	French
cope	Latin
coppice	French
copula	Latin
copulate	Latin
copulation	Latin
coquet	French
coralline	Latin
cordage	French
Corinna	Latin
Corinth	Latin
corn	French
cornice	French
corona	Latin
correspond	French
corridor	French
corroboration	Latin
corrode	French
corse	French
corselet	French
cortex	Latin
coruscation	Latin
cosmetic	French
cosmic	Latin
cosmology	Latin
cosmonaut	Greek
costal	French
costume	French
cotton	Celtic
coulee	French
countermarch	French
country	French
covenant	French
cowardice	French
coyote	Romance (other)
cramp	West Germanic
crane	West Germanic
crapulent	Latin
craven	French
crayfish	French
create	Latin
creature	French
credibility	Latin
credit	French
creme de la creme	French
crenel	French
creophagy	Latin
crepitation	Latin
crescendo	Romance (other)
crest	French
crevasse	French
cribriform	Latin
criminal	French
criminate	Latin
critic	French
crochet	French
crotch	French
crouton	French
crucible	Latin
crumble	West Germanic
Crustacea	Latin
cry	French
crypt	Latin
cub	Celtic
cube	French
cuck	North Germanic
cue	Latin
cuirass	French
Culdee	Celtic
culpable	French
cult	French
cultivable	French
culture	Latin
cumin	Latin
cuneiform	French
cup	Latin
cupreous	Latin
cure	Latin
cursorial	Latin
curtain	French
customary	Latin
cutlass	French
cycle	French
cyclic	French
Cyclops	Latin
cynic	Latin
cypress	French
Cypriot	Latin
Cyprus	Latin
cyto-	Latin
cytosine	West Germanic
dacha	Slavic
Dacian	Greek
dactylic	Latin
dactylogram	Latin
Dada	French
Daedalus	Latin
daffodil	Latin
Damascene	Latin
Damascus	Latin
dame	French
dandelion	French
Daphne	Greek
dapper	West Germanic
data	Latin
date	French
daunt	French
daze	North Germanic
de	West Germanic
deacon	West Germanic
deasil	Celtic
debauch	French
debauchee	French
debilitation	French
Decalogue	Latin
decapitate	French
decapod	French
decedent	Latin
December	French
decency	Latin
decennoval	Latin
decimate	Latin
deckle	West Germanic
declamatory	Latin
declare	French
decolletage	French
decorticate	Latin
decussate	Latin
defalcate	Latin
defect	Latin
defensive	French
defer	French
deferent	French
deficiency	Latin
deflagration	Latin
defray	French
deglutition	French
degression	Latin
deify	French
deign	French
delay	French
dele	Latin
deliberative	French
delimit	French
Della Crusca	Romance (other)
deltoid	Greek
delusion	Latin
deluxe	French
delve	West Germanic
demand	French
demarcation	Romance (other)
Demeter	Greek
demi-monde	French
demise	French
democratize	French
demography	Greek
demonetize	French
demoralize	French
denature	French
Denebola	Latin
dengue	Romance (other)
denim	French
Dennis	French
denude	Latin
deny	French
department	French
departure	French
depict	Latin
depiction	French
deplore	French
deploy	French
deportment	French
deprave	French
deprecate	Latin
deprecation	French
depredation	French
derail	French
derange	French
derangement	French
derivate	Latin
derma	Latin
derogate	Latin
dervish	Altaic
descension	French
describe	French
description	French
descriptive	Latin
deserve	French
desiccation	Latin
desirable	French
desire	French
despair	French
desperado	Latin
desperation	French
despoil	French
despotic	French
destine	French
destructive	French
detention	French
determination	French
determine	French
determinism	French
detour	French
detriment	French
Detroit	French
deuce	French
deuterogamy	Latin
devastation	Latin
develop	French
device	French
devious	Latin
devolve	Latin
diagram	French
diamante	French
diary	Latin
diatessaron	Greek
dictum	Latin
dieresis	Latin
difference	French
digest	Latin
digestible	French
dignify	French
diktat	West Germanic
dilapidate	Latin
dilatation	French
dill	West Germanic
dimension	Latin
diminutive	French
dimity	Romance (other)
dimorphism	Greek
dinar	Semitic
dinner	French
dinosaur	Greek
diphthong	Latin
dire	Latin
disavow	French
disburse	French
discalceate	Latin
discernible	French
disciple	Latin
discontinuity	Latin
discontinuous	Latin
discotheque	French
discrepancy	Latin
discuss	Latin
disdain	French
disgrace	French
disguise	French
disgust	French
disheveled	French
dishonesty	French
disjunction	French
dislocate	Latin
disobedient	French
disorient	French
dispatch	Romance (other)
dispensable	Latin
dispensary	Latin
displease	French
displeasure	French
dispose	French
dispossess	French
disrupt	Latin
dissection	French
dissension	French
dissertation	Latin
dissonant	French
dissuade	French
distance	French
distillation	Latin
distribute	Latin
distribution	French
divagation	Latin
divan	Altaic
diversification	Latin
divert	French
divide	Latin
dividend	Latin
divination	French
divinity	French
divorcee	French
doctrinaire	French
Dodecanese	Latin
dolmen	French
dolorous	French
dome	French
dominant	French
domination	French
dominator	French
domineer	West Germanic
Dominic	Latin
dominion	French
domino	French
Donatist	Latin
doomsday	West Germanic
dope	West Germanic
doppelganger	West Germanic
dormitory	Latin
dory	French
dose	French
do-si-do	French
doubloon	French
doughty	West Germanic
Douglas	Celtic
doyen	French
dozen	French
dragon	French
Dravidian	Indian
dreck	West Germanic
drench	West Germanic
dressage	French
droll	French
drollery	French
droop	North Germanic
drury	French
dubious	Latin
ducal	French
Duce	Latin
duck	West Germanic
dudgeon	French
dummkopf	West Germanic
dungaree	Indian
dunk	West Germanic
duodecimal	Latin
duodecimo	Latin
dupe	French
duplicate	Latin
duplicity	French
Dushanbe	Iranian
dystrophy	Latin
eagle	French
ear	West Germanic
easement	French
Ebenezer	Semitic
ebriety	Latin
ecarte	French
eccentric	French
ecdysiast	Greek
echidna	Greek
eclair	French
economics	French
ecstatic	Greek
edacious	Latin
Edda	North Germanic
Edgar	West Germanic
edict	French
edifice	French
education	French
educative	Latin
effable	French
efficacious	Latin
efflorescence	French
efflorescent	Latin
eftsoons	West Germanic
eglantine	French
egregious	Latin
egret	French
Egypt	French
eject	Latin
el	Latin
elaboration	Latin
elan	French
Electra	Greek
elegy	French
ellipse	French
elope	West Germanic
Elsevier	West Germanic
elusive	Latin
elution	Latin
elytro-	Greek
embassy	French
ember-days	West Germanic
emblematic	Latin
embolus	Latin
emergency	Latin
emeritus	Latin
emetic	French
emigration	Latin
emoji	East Asian
emphatic	Latin
employe	French
emporium	Latin
empty	West Germanic
empyrean	Greek
emu	Romance (other)
emulous	Latin
en	Latin
enchilada	Romance (other)
encumbrance	French
endo-	West Germanic
enemy	French
enervate	Latin
enforcement	French
engine	French
enmity	French
ennui	French
enrage	French
enterprise	French
enthusiasm	French
entire	French
entree	French
envelop	French
envoy	French
ephebe	Greek
epic	Latin
epicene	Latin
epidemic	French
epiglottis	Latin
epilepsy	French
epilogue	French
episiotomy	Greek
epistasis	Greek
epistemology	Greek
epitaph	French
epithelium	Greek
epithet	French
epoch	Latin
eponym	Greek
equate	Latin
equi-	Latin
equivocate	Latin
-er	West Germanic
erection	Latin
ergo	Latin
Erl-king	West Germanic
erose	Latin
erosion	French
ersatz	West Germanic
escalade	French
escarp	French
eschatology	Latin
eschaton	Greek
escritoire	French
espadrille	French
espionage	French
esprit	French
espy	French
essive	Uralic
establish	French
estimable	French
estimate	Latin
estuary	Latin
esurient	Latin
ethno-	Greek
etiquette	French
ettin	West Germanic
etymologize	Latin
Eugene	French
euphemism	Greek
Euphrates	Greek
Euphues	Greek
eureka	Greek
eury-	Greek
eurythmic	Greek
euthanasia	Greek
evade	French
evangelical	French
evangelize	French
event	French
eventuate	Latin
eviction	French
evocation	Latin
evocative	Latin
evoke	French
exacerbation	Latin
exact	Latin
exasperate	Latin
excavation	Latin
exceed	French
excellence	French
excellency	Latin
excerpt	Latin
exchange	French
exclusion	Latin
excoriate	Latin
excursion	Latin
execrate	Latin
exegesis	Greek
exemplar	French
exemplary	French
exert	Latin
exhibition	French
exhilarate	Latin
exhortation	French
exhortatory	Latin
exhume	Latin
exiguous	Latin
existence	French
Exodus	Latin
exogenous	Latin
exonerate	Latin
exoneration	Latin
exorcise	French
exorcist	Latin
exotic	French
expansive	Latin
expatiate	Latin
expedite	Latin
expel	Latin
expend	Latin
explode	Latin
exploit	French
exploration	French
expository	Latin
expostulate	Latin
expulsion	French
exsiccation	Latin
extemporaneous	Latin
extenuation	Latin
exterior	Latin
extermination	French
extinct	Latin
extraverted	Latin
extreme	French
extremity	French
extricate	Latin
extrinsic	French
extrude	Latin
extrusive	Latin
exude	Latin
exult	French
eyot	West Germanic
Ezekiel	Latin
facetious	French
facile	French
factor	French
fairy	French
fakir	Semitic
falcate	Latin
false	French
fame	French
familiar	French
famine	French
famish	Latin
fanatic	Latin
fane	West Germanic
fanfare	French
fantasia	Romance (other)
farinaceous	Latin
farthingale	French
fascinous	Latin
fash	French
fastidious	Latin
fatal	French
fatality	French
fatigue	French
fatuity	French
fawn	West Germanic
fawney	Celtic
feal	French
fealty	French
fear	West Germanic
febrile	Latin
February	Latin
fedayeen	Semitic
felloe	West Germanic
fellow	West Germanic
felon	French
feminize	Latin
fenestration	Latin
fennec	Semitic
feral	French
fere	West Germanic
ferhoodle	West Germanic
ferrous	Latin
ferrule	French
fertility	French
fervor	French
fess	French
festal	French
festivity	French
festucine	Latin
fetor	Latin
fettuccine	Romance (other)
feudal	Latin
fever	Latin
feverfew	Latin
fez	French
fiance	French
fictile	Latin
fiction	French
ficus	Latin
fiddler	West Germanic
fief	French
fierce	French
fig	French
figment	Latin
fike	North Germanic
filial	Latin
filibuster	West Germanic
filigree	French
filly	North Germanic
financier	French
finite	Latin
finity	French
firm	West Germanic
fissure	French
fit	West Germanic
flambeau	French
flamingo	Romance (other)
flattery	French
fleam	French
fleck	North Germanic
fleeting	West Germanic
Fleming	West Germanic
Flemish	West Germanic
fleuret	French
flexibility	French
flexion	Latin
flexuous	Latin
flora	Latin
florist	Latin
flounce	West Germanic
flugelhorn	West Germanic
flume	French
flummery	Celtic
flux	French
follies	French
follow	West Germanic
Fomalhaut	Semitic
Fomorian	Celtic
font	Latin
Foraminifera	Latin
forceps	Latin
foreclose	French
forehead	West Germanic
foreign	French
foremost	West Germanic
forest	French
form	French
formicary	Latin
Fornax	Latin
fornicator	Latin
fort	French
fortress	French
fortuitous	Latin
fortune	French
forum	Latin
fosse	French
foundling	West Germanic
fountain	French
foy	French
fracas	French
frail	French
Frankenstein	other
frass	West Germanic
fraternal	French
fraternity	French
fraternize	French
fraudulence	French
freckle	North Germanic
Frederick	French
freely	West Germanic
freeze	West Germanic
freight	West Germanic
fremd	West Germanic
frequency	Latin
friable	French
Frigg	North Germanic
fringe	French
friseur	French
frisky	West Germanic
fritillary	Latin
fritter	French
frizz	French
frock	French
frog	West Germanic
frore	West Germanic
fugitive	French
fundus	Latin
funeral	Latin
fungous	Latin
fur	French
furcate	Latin
furnace	French
furtive	French
fuse	Romance (other)
fusible	Latin
fusiform	Latin
fusty	French
futility	French
gaberdine	Romance (other)
Gabriel	Semitic
gaff	French
gain	French
galactic	Latin
Gallic	Latin
gallinaceous	Latin
gallop	French
gallows	North Germanic
galvanism	French
gamine	French
ganglion	Greek
gangway	West Germanic
ganja	Indian
gantry	French
garret	French
garrot	French
gash	French
gasket	French
gasp	North Germanic
gastrula	Latin
gauche	French
gazelle	French
gelato	Romance (other)
geloscopy	Greek
Gemini	Latin
gender	French
gene	West Germanic
genealogical	French
generality	French
generous	French
Genevieve	French
genius	Latin
gens	Latin
gentility	French
gentry	French
genuflection	French
Geoffrey	French
geography	French
geophagy	Greek
geranium	Latin
germane	Latin
gesso	Romance (other)
gestation	Latin
ghawazee	Semitic
ghetto	Romance (other)
giant	French
gimp	French
gin	West Germanic
gingham	West Germanic
gingival	Latin
gingivitis	Latin
ginseng	East Asian
gizzard	French
gladiator	Latin
gladiatorial	Latin
glebe	French
globe	French
globose	Latin
glockenspiel	West Germanic
glossocomium	Latin
glue	French
glum	West Germanic
gluten	French
glutton	French
gnathic	West Germanic
gnosis	Greek
Gnostic	Latin
golem	Semitic
Gomorrah	Semitic
gonad	Latin
gonorrhea	Latin
gorgeous	French
gourmet	French
Graeco-	Latin
grallatorial	Latin
gramary	French
gramercy	French
grammatist	French
grandiose	French
granulose	Latin
grasshopper	West Germanic
gratuitous	Latin
gratulation	Latin
gravel	French
gravitas	Latin
grenadier	French
grief	French
grievance	French
grille	French
grimace	French
gringo	Romance (other)
grippe	French
grisette	French
grizzle	French
grogram	French
grotesque	French
grouse	French
gruesome	West Germanic
guide	French
guidon	French
guile	French
Gurkha	Indian
gymnosophist	Greek
gynecology	French
gypsum	Latin
gyre	Latin
habitable	French
habitude	French
hacek	Slavic
hackamore	Semitic
Hades	Greek
hadrosaur	Latin
hafla	Semitic
Haggadah	Semitic
Hague	West Germanic
haiku	East Asian
hajj	Semitic
Halifax	West Germanic
halite	Greek
handle	West Germanic
haploid	West Germanic
hardly	West Germanic
hark	West Germanic
harness	French
harsh	West Germanic
hashish	Semitic
haste	French
hatchet	French
hath	West Germanic
haught	French
haughty	French
hautboy	French
hauteur	French
haven	North Germanic
haver	North Germanic
headway	West Germanic
Hebraic	French
Hector	Latin
hedge	West Germanic
Helicon	Latin
helicopter	French
heliotrope	French
hellebore	French
hell-hound	West Germanic
hemisphere	Latin
hemophilia	West Germanic
henotheism	Greek
hepatic	French
herb	French
herbivorous	Latin
Hercynian	Latin
heretic	French
Hermione	Greek
herpetology	French
hesitance	Latin
hesitate	Latin
hetero-	Greek
heterodox	Greek
hexa-	Greek
hibachi	East Asian
hide	West Germanic
hieratic	Latin
hierophantic	Latin
hind	West Germanic
Hippocratic	Latin
Hippolyte	Greek
hippopotamus	Latin
Hispanic	Latin
Hispaniola	Romance (other)
histone	West Germanic
historicity	Latin
hitch	West Germanic
hold	West Germanic
holiday	West Germanic
holiness	West Germanic
holism	Greek
holla	French
holocaust	French
homily	French
Homo sapiens	Latin
homogeneous	Latin
honorable	French
Honoria	Latin
horizontal	French
hormone	Greek
hornblende	West Germanic
horrendous	Latin
hors d&#x27;oeuvre	French
hors de combat	Latin
horticulture	Latin
hospice	French
hospitaller	French
hotelier	French
Houdini	other
hoyden	West Germanic
huddle	West Germanic
hue	French
Hugh	French
hull	West Germanic
humidity	French
humility	French
husband	North Germanic
hussar	West Germanic
hustle	West Germanic
hydraulic	French
Hydrus	Latin
hylo-	Greek
Hymenoptera	Greek
hypha	Latin
hypothalamus	Greek
hypothetical	Latin
hypso-	Greek
hyssop	Latin
i.e.	West Germanic
iambic	Latin
Iberia	Greek
Icarus	Latin
icon	Latin
id	Latin
ideologue	French
idiosyncrasy	French
idolater	French
-ier	French
ignite	Latin
ignivomous	Latin
ignore	French
illusory	French
Ilocano	East Asian
imaginative	French
imbricate	Latin
imbroglio	Romance (other)
imbue	Latin
imitator	French
immanent	Latin
immaturity	Latin
immemorable	Latin
immolate	Latin
immure	French
immutable	French
impair	French
impatience	French
impatient	French
impeachment	French
impel	Latin
impend	Latin
imperfection	French
imperscriptible	French
impertinence	French
impervious	Latin
impiety	French
implacable	French
implantation	French
implement	Latin
implete	Latin
impregnable	French
impresario	Romance (other)
impression	French
impromptitude	French
improvidence	Latin
imprudent	Latin
impugn	French
inaccessible	French
inappetence	French
incarnate	Latin
incentive	Latin
incessant	French
inch	Celtic
inch	Latin
incineration	French
incite	French
incitement	French
incivility	French
inclement	French
incomparable	French
incongruous	Latin
inconsequence	Latin
inconsolable	Latin
inconstant	French
incontiguous	Latin
incorruptibility	Latin
incorruptible	French
increpation	Latin
incurable	French
indecorous	Latin
indecorum	Latin
indemnify	Latin
index	Latin
Indies	West Germanic
indifferent	French
indigestible	Latin
indigestion	French
indignity	Latin
indiscrete	Latin
indispensable	Latin
indissoluble	Latin
indite	French
indivisible	French
Indo-	Greek
indocile	French
indolent	French
indubious	Latin
induce	Latin
inductor	Latin
industry	French
-ine	French
inept	French
ineptitude	French
inevitable	Latin
infamous	Latin
infant	Latin
Infanta	Romance (other)
infantile	Latin
infarction	Latin
infatuate	Latin
infection	French
inferior	Latin
inferno	Romance (other)
infestation	French
infinity	French
infra	Latin
inherent	Latin
inhibitory	Latin
Inigo	Romance (other)
inimical	Latin
initial	French
injustice	French
inoculate	Latin
inquest	French
insanity	Latin
inscribe	Latin
insecurity	Latin
insensate	Latin
insense	French
inseparable	Latin
insert	Latin
insertion	French
insidious	French
insinuate	Latin
insistent	Latin
insoluble	French
insouciance	French
instability	French
install	French
installment	French
instant	French
instigation	French
instillation	Latin
institute	Latin
instruct	Latin
instruction	French
instrumental	French
instrumentation	French
insufficiency	French
insurgent	Latin
insurrection	French
integer	Latin
intellect	French
intellectualism	Latin
intelligence	French
intelligible	Latin
intemperate	Latin
intendant	French
intent	French
interchange	French
interlace	French
interlocution	Latin
interlude	French
intermezzo	Romance (other)
intern	French
internal	Latin
interphase	West Germanic
interpunction	Latin
interrogator	French
interrupt	Latin
interturb	Latin
intervention	French
intestine	French
intransigent	French
introduction	French
introrse	Latin
introvert	Latin
intuit	Latin
intumescence	French
intumescent	Latin
inurbane	Latin
invasion	French
inverse	Latin
investigable	Latin
investigation	French
inviolate	Latin
invisible	French
iodine	French
-ion	French
Ionic	Latin
iridium	Greek
irrecoverable	French
irrefutable	Latin
irrevocable	Latin
Ishihara	East Asian
Ishtar	Semitic
iso-	Greek
isochronous	Latin
isopod	French
isotope	Greek
Italiot	Greek
itch	West Germanic
ivory tower	French
ivy	West Germanic
jackal	French
jade	French
jager	West Germanic
jaguar	Romance (other)
javelin	French
jejune	Latin
jennet	French
Jephthah	Greek
jerk	Romance (other)
jeroboam	Greek
Jesus	Greek
Jewess	French
jilt	West Germanic
jocose	Latin
jocularity	Latin
jog	West Germanic
joiner	French
joint	French
jointure	French
jolly	French
Joshua	Latin
journalist	French
journey	French
Jove	Latin
jubate	Latin
judicative	Latin
judiciary	Latin
judicious	French
juggler	West Germanic
jugular	Latin
jujitsu	East Asian
jumart	French
junco	Latin
jungle	Indian
juniper	Latin
junker	West Germanic
jupe	French
juvenescent	Latin
K	Greek
Kaaba	Semitic
kakistocracy	Greek
kaleidoscope	Greek
Kazakhstan	Altaic
keen	Celtic
kef	Semitic
keld	North Germanic
Kennedy	Celtic
Kenneth	Celtic
kepi	French
Keziah	Semitic
kick	North Germanic
Kilkenny	Celtic
kinase	Greek
kindred	West Germanic
kiosk	French
kishke	Slavic
kist	North Germanic
Klamath	other
klatsch	West Germanic
Knickerbocker	other
kolkhoz	Slavic
Kore	Greek
kosher	West Germanic
krone	North Germanic
Kuwait	Semitic
kylix	Greek
labarum	Greek
label	French
labiate	Latin
labile	Latin
labor	French
laboratory	Latin
laborious	French
Labrador	Romance (other)
labrum	Latin
lac	French
lachrymal	Latin
lachrymose	Latin
laciniate	Latin
lam	North Germanic
lament	French
lamia	Latin
landscape	West Germanic
language	French
Lanier	French
lanthanum	Greek
lapideous	Latin
lapis lazuli	Latin
largesse	French
lark	North Germanic
larval	Latin
larynx	French
lascivious	French
lassitude	Latin
latchet	French
latescent	Latin
lather	West Germanic
latrine	Latin
laudatory	French
laurel	French
lawn	West Germanic
lax	West Germanic
laxative	French
lazaretto	Romance (other)
legacy	Latin
legate	French
legicide	Latin
legislation	French
legitimate	French
legitimist	French
leguminous	Latin
Lehrjahre	West Germanic
leisure	French
lemma	Greek
lenient	French
Leo	Latin
Leon	Latin
Leonard	French
leonine	French
lepton	Greek
lese-majesty	French
leukemia	Greek
levee	French
levitation	Latin
liar	West Germanic
libertine	Latin
licit	Latin
lictor	Latin
Lido	Romance (other)
lieu	French
ligament	Latin
ligand	Latin
Liguria	Latin
Lilith	Semitic
lime	Semitic
limitary	Latin
limp	West Germanic
lineage	West Germanic
liniment	Latin
liparo-	Greek
lipogram	Greek
liquefaction	French
liquidate	Latin
liquidity	Latin
literature	Latin
lithic	Greek
litigate	Latin
little	West Germanic
liturgical	Latin
livelihood	West Germanic
Lloyd	Celtic
loach	French
locker	West Germanic
locket	French
loco	Romance (other)
locust	Latin
logician	French
logo-	Greek
loin	French
Lollard	West Germanic
-long	North Germanic
longinquity	Latin
longitude	Latin
loo	French
loquacity	Latin
lordship	West Germanic
lorimer	French
Lorraine	Latin
lotion	French
lottery	Romance (other)
lotus	Latin
lough	West Germanic
Louis	French
louver	French
lubric	French
lucern	West Germanic
lucida	Latin
lucidity	French
luciferase	French
Lucina	Latin
lucubrate	Latin
Luddite	other
ludicrous	Latin
luff	French
Luftwaffe	West Germanic
lupin	Latin
lupus	Latin
lurid	Latin
lustre	French
lute	French
luxate	Latin
Luxembourg	West Germanic
Lycaonian	Latin
lyre	French
lytic	Greek
M	Greek
Mac	Celtic
Macaca	Romance (other)
macaw	Romance (other)
Macedonian	Latin
macron	Latin
mad	West Germanic
madder	West Germanic
made	West Germanic
Madeline	French
Madras	Indian
madrigal	Romance (other)
maelstrom	North Germanic
maenad	Greek
magma	Latin
magnet	French
magnify	French
Maia	West Germanic
maison	French
maitre d&#x27;hotel	French
majesty	French
majlis	Semitic
majolica	Romance (other)
major	French
mal du siecle	French
Malaga	Semitic
malaise	French
malaxation	Latin
malcontent	French
mallet	French
mallow	Latin
maltreat	French
Mammon	Latin
man	West Germanic
mandate	French
mange	French
mania	Latin
manicure	French
Manila	East Asian
manilla	Romance (other)
Manitoba	other
mannequin	French
manque	French
mantic	Greek
mantissa	Latin
many	West Germanic
maquette	French
marasmus	Greek
Maratha	Indian
maraud	French
march	French
Marcus	Latin
Mareotic	Latin
marginalia	Latin
marionette	French
marl	French
marmoreal	Latin
marquetry	French
marshal	French
martial	Latin
martin	French
Marxist	French
massacre	French
massive	French
mastery	French
mastication	French
mat	French
mat	Latin
match	West Germanic
mate	French
mathematic	French
Matilda	French
matricide	French
matte	French
Matthew	French
maun	North Germanic
mavis	French
maximal	Latin
Maximilian	Latin
maze	West Germanic
mazurka	Slavic
McFarland	Celtic
meager	French
mean	West Germanic
meander	Latin
mechanic	Latin
mechanics	Greek
medic	Latin
medicament	French
mediocre	French
medlar	French
medulla	Latin
melange	French
melee	French
mellifluous	Latin
melt	West Germanic
Melvin	West Germanic
memento mori	West Germanic
mensal	Latin
mensural	Latin
mercury	Latin
mercy	French
meringue	French
merism	Latin
merlon	French
mero-	Greek
merry	West Germanic
Mersey	West Germanic
mesel	French
mesic	Greek
Mesoamerica	Romance (other)
mess	French
metallurgy	Latin
metamorphize	Greek
meteorology	French
meter	Latin
metier	French
metonymy	French
metopic	Greek
metropolis	Latin
microbial	Latin
microfiche	French
micturition	Latin
mid	West Germanic
middling	West Germanic
midwife	West Germanic
mildly	West Germanic
military	French
mill	Latin
mime	French
mimesis	Greek
mimosa	Latin
miner	French
Minerva	Latin
miniature	Romance (other)
minim	Latin
minion	French
miniver	French
minster	Latin
minuscule	French
miosis	Greek
Miriam	Semitic
mis-	French
mischance	French
miscible	Latin
miscount	French
missive	Latin
mite	West Germanic
mitigate	Latin
mix	West Germanic
Mnemosyne	Greek
mock	French
moderation	French
modern	French
modicum	Latin
modify	French
modus	Latin
Mogadishu	Semitic
Mogen David	Semitic
moil	French
Moira	Greek
mold	French
mole	French
Moloch	Latin
monoceros	French
monogony	Greek
monomania	Latin
monseigneur	French
Montana	Latin
Montezuma	Romance (other)
Montmartre	Latin
monument	French
moral	French
morale	French
moray	Romance (other)
Mordecai	Semitic
Morisco	Romance (other)
Moro	Romance (other)
morpheme	West Germanic
morphine	French
morphology	West Germanic
mort	French
mortification	Latin
mortify	French
Morus	Latin
Mosaic	Latin
motet	French
mound	West Germanic
mousse	French
movable	French
mucose	Latin
muleteer	French
mull	West Germanic
mullah	Altaic
multifloral	Latin
multiloquent	Latin
multiparous	Latin
multiple	French
multiplicative	Latin
multitude	French
mun	North Germanic
mundane	French
mundanity	French
municipal	French
musculature	French
museum	Latin
musical	Latin
mutability	French
mutable	Latin
mutism	French
myco-	Latin
myope	French
myopia	Greek
myriad	French
myth	French
mythology	Latin
naissance	French
naissant	French
napping	West Germanic
narghile	French
natant	Latin
natatorial	Latin
Nathan	Semitic
national	French
nationalism	French
native	French
navel	West Germanic
Neapolitan	Latin
necessary	French
neese	North Germanic
negation	French
negatory	French
negligee	French
negligent	French
neighbor	West Germanic
neoteric	Latin
nervose	Latin
nervosity	Latin
nescience	Latin
nescient	Latin
Nestorian	Greek
neurology	Latin
neutral	Latin
next	West Germanic
nidorous	Latin
nigh	West Germanic
nitrate	French
nixie	West Germanic
nobility	French
noble	French
noblesse	French
noctuary	Latin
noll	West Germanic
nominalism	French
nominative	French
nones	French
nonpareil	French
noodle	West Germanic
nook	North Germanic
noose	French
Nostradamus	Latin
nostrum	Latin
notabilia	Latin
notability	French
notify	French
nougat	French
nourishment	French
novena	Latin
novennial	Latin
novitiate	French
now	West Germanic
noxious	Latin
Nubian	Latin
nucleotide	West Germanic
nucleus	Latin
nullification	Latin
numbles	French
numeration	Latin
numerative	Latin
numinous	Latin
numismatic	French
nutant	Latin
nutritious	Latin
nystagmus	Greek
oat	West Germanic
oath	West Germanic
obedience	French
objection	French
objet	French
oblate	Latin
obligation	French
oblige	French
obliterate	Latin
obscure	French
obsecration	Latin
obsequious	Latin
observe	French
obsess	Latin
obstipation	Latin
obstruction	Latin
obviation	Latin
ocarina	Romance (other)
occasion	French
occident	French
occipital	French
Occitan	French
occlusion	Latin
occupation	French
occurrence	French
octa-	Greek
octagon	Latin
October	Latin
oda	Altaic
odalisque	French
odd	North Germanic
odium	Latin
odyssey	Latin
officiate	Latin
ointment	French
Olaf	North Germanic
ole	Romance (other)
oleo-	Latin
omerta	Romance (other)
omo-	Greek
-one	Greek
Oneida	other
ontology	Latin
oo-	Greek
opal	French
operation	French
opine	French
opiniaster	French
opportunity	French
oppugn	Latin
opt	French
optimist	French
or	West Germanic
orangutan	French
oratory	French
orchidectomy	Latin
ordinance	French
ordinary	French
organ	Latin
organization	Latin
orgasm	French
orifice	French
origami	East Asian
origination	French
Orleans	Latin
ornate	Latin
-ory	West Germanic
oscillation	French
oscitation	Latin
Osmanli	Altaic
osmatic	French
ostensible	French
otiose	Latin
ouzel	West Germanic
oval	French
overrun	West Germanic
oviparous	Latin
ox	West Germanic
Oxford	West Germanic
oxymoron	Greek
pact	French
pad	West Germanic
paddle	Latin
Padua	Latin
paella	Romance (other)
pair	French
pall	West Germanic
pallet	French
palpitant	French
palsgrave	West Germanic
pander	West Germanic
pansy	French
pant	Latin
pantisocracy	Greek
pantothenic	Greek
papal	French
paparazzi	Romance (other)
Parabellum	Latin
paradise	French
paradisiacal	Latin
paradox	French
paraffin	West Germanic
paragon	French
paralipsis	Greek
parasitic	Latin
parchment	French
parenthetical	Latin
paresis	Greek
pariah	Romance (other)
Parisian	French
Parkinson&#x27;s disease	French
parliament	French
parse	French
Parsee	Iranian
parsley	Latin
part	French
partake	West Germanic
parthenogenesis	Greek
partial	French
partiality	French
partisan	French
paschal	French
passe	French
passive	Latin
passport	French
paste	French
pastern	French
pasture	French
paten	French
paterfamilias	Latin
pathologic	Greek
pathology	French
patio	Romance (other)
patriarch	French
patron	French
patronym	Greek
pattern	French
Paul	Latin
pauper	Latin
pavan	French
pavilion	French
payer	French
pea jacket	West Germanic
pearl	French
pebble	West Germanic
peck	West Germanic
pectoral	Latin
peculation	Latin
pedagogy	French
pederast	French
pedicel	Latin
peer	West Germanic
pelagic	Latin
pelican	Latin
pellicle	French
peloton	French
pelt	French
penitential	Latin
pentad	Greek
pentathlon	Greek
penultima	Latin
penury	Latin
peon	Romance (other)
per	Latin
peradventure	West Germanic
perceivable	French
perceive	Latin
percent	Latin
percept	Latin
perceptive	Latin
perch	French
percipient	Latin
percussive	Latin
perfective	Latin
perform	French
perihelion	Latin
period	French
peripeteia	Greek
periphrasis	Latin
permutate	Latin
peroration	Latin
perpensity	Latin
perpetuation	Latin
perpetuous	Latin
persevere	French
persiflage	French
person	French
personality	Latin
persuasive	French
pert	French
perturbation	French
peruke	French
perversity	French
pesticide	West Germanic
Peter	West Germanic
petiole	French
petit	French
petrous	French
pew	French
pharaoh	Latin
pharyngeal	Latin
pharynx	Greek
philanthropy	Latin
philately	French
Philemon	Greek
philology	Latin
philomel	Greek
phlebo-	Greek
phlegm	French
-phobe	French
phono-	Greek
phosphoric	French
phylactery	French
phylo-	Greek
physico-	Latin
physiology	French
piazza	Romance (other)
picaroon	Romance (other)
pickelhaube	West Germanic
pickle	West Germanic
pictorial	Latin
piedmont	Romance (other)
Pierian	Latin
pietism	West Germanic
piezo-	Greek
pig	West Germanic
pigeon	French
pigment	Latin
pika	Altaic
pike	French
pile	French
Pilipino	East Asian
pillar	French
pincers	French
pine	French
pinion	French
piolet	French
pious	Latin
pip	French
pipe	Latin
piquet	French
piratical	Latin
piscine	French
piss	French
pitch	West Germanic
pitchfork	West Germanic
pitheco-	Greek
pituitary	Latin
pivot	French
pizza	Romance (other)
plaint	French
plaintive	French
plait	French
plane	French
plane	Latin
planetarium	Latin
planetary	Latin
planktology	West Germanic
plankton	West Germanic
plash	French
plasmolysis	French
platoon	French
plein-air	French
plenary	French
pliable	French
plinth	French
pluperfect	Latin
Pluto	Latin
pneumonic	Latin
Po	Latin
poach	French
podiatry	Greek
poesy	French
pogrom	West Germanic
-poietic	Latin
Polack	Slavic
policlinic	West Germanic
polity	French
polygamy	Latin
Polynesia	Greek
polyphony	Greek
pompano	Romance (other)
pomposity	Latin
pontifex	Latin
poontang	French
poor	French
poppycock	West Germanic
pornography	French
porosity	French
porpoise	French
portcullis	French
posada	Romance (other)
position	French
positive	French
possibility	French
possible	French
post	French
postulate	Latin
posture	French
potation	French
potentate	French
Potomac	other
poultry	French
powder	French
practicum	Latin
praetor	Latin
praline	French
prance	West Germanic
praseodymium	Greek
praxis	Latin
preamble	French
precious	French
predicate	French
prediction	French
predictor	Latin
preference	French
preferential	Latin
prefiguration	Latin
prefigure	Latin
pregnable	French
prejudge	French
premiere	French
premium	Latin
premonitory	Latin
preparation	Latin
preparatory	Latin
presage	French
presbyter	Latin
prescient	French
presentment	French
preservative	French
presidence	French
presume	French
presumptuous	French
presupposition	French
preterite	French
pretermission	Latin
pretermit	Latin
prevenient	Latin
prevention	French
prevision	French
price	French
prim	French
primacy	French
primary	Latin
primordial	Latin
primrose	French
Prince Charming	French
prion	Greek
prior	Latin
prism	Latin
prismatic	Greek
prisoner	French
pro rata	Latin
probability	French
probation	French
probe	Latin
proclaim	Latin
prodromal	Latin
prodrome	French
profane	French
profundity	French
profuse	Latin
profusion	French
progeria	Greek
progesterone	West Germanic
project	Latin
projectile	Latin
proles	Latin
prolific	French
prolixity	French
promenade	French
promiscuous	Latin
promnesia	Greek
prompt	French
prompt	Latin
propane	French
prophase	West Germanic
prophet	French
proportional	Latin
proportionality	French
proposition	French
prorate	Latin
prorogue	French
proscribe	Latin
prosecutor	Latin
prospect	Latin
prosperity	French
prosthetic	Latin
prostitute	Latin
Protean	Greek
protection	French
protectionist	French
Protestantism	French
Proteus	Greek
proto-	Greek
protocol	French
protoplasm	West Germanic
protrusion	French
proverbial	Latin
provision	French
prune	French
Prussia	Slavic
psilanthropism	Greek
psilocybin	Latin
psittacine	Latin
psyche	Latin
ptarmigan	Celtic
ptero-	Greek
Ptolemy	Greek
ptosis	Greek
puberty	French
pubescence	Latin
publication	French
pueblo	Romance (other)
puisne	French
pulp	Latin
pulpit	Latin
puma	Romance (other)
puncheon	French
punctilio	Romance (other)
punctuate	Latin
pungent	Latin
Punic	Latin
punty	French
purdah	Iranian
pure	French
purgatory	French
purification	French
purine	West Germanic
purism	French
purse	Latin
pusillanimity	French
pusillanimous	Latin
puss	Celtic
pustule	French
putti	Romance (other)
Pyanepsia	Greek
pylon	Greek
Pyrenees	French
pyrophoric	Latin
Pythia	Greek
python	Latin
qi	East Asian
Quadragesima	Latin
quadrant	French
quadratus	Latin
quantity	French
quart	French
quartile	French
quartz	West Germanic
quash	French
quasimodo	Latin
quatrain	French
querulous	French
questionnaire	French
quetzal	Romance (other)
quiche	French
quiesce	Latin
quietude	French
quinary	Latin
quinine	French
quinta	Romance (other)
quintessence	French
quoit	French
rabbet	French
rabid	Latin
radiation	French
radical	Latin
radicant	Latin
raffle	French
rag	North Germanic
raga	Indian
Ragnarok	North Germanic
rally	French
rampant	French
rank	French
rappel	French
raptor	Latin
rasher	West Germanic
ratafia	French
ratchet	French
ratify	French
ration	French
rationale	Latin
ravioli	West Germanic
razor	French
ream	West Germanic
Rebecca	Latin
recant	Latin
recapitulation	French
recede	French
recension	Latin
recent	Latin
recess	Latin
recessive	Latin
reckon	West Germanic
recommence	French
reconquest	French
recreation	French
rectilinear	Latin
rectitude	French
rector	Latin
rectum	Latin
recusant	Latin
redistribution	French
redouble	French
redoubt	French
reet	English 
referent	Latin
reflect	French
reflection	Latin
regain	French
regard	French
regenerative	French
regime	French
regimen	French
regurgitation	Latin
reiterate	Latin
reiteration	French
rejoice	French
rejoinder	French
relate	French
relative	French
relator	Latin
relay	French
relict	French
relinquish	French
relish	French
remand	French
remanent	Latin
remit	Latin
remote	French
remoulade	French
Renaissance	French
renegade	Romance (other)
renege	Latin
rennet	French
renounce	French
repel	French
repetition	French
replenish	French
replete	French
replica	Romance (other)
reposition	Latin
repository	Latin
repousse	French
reprehension	French
reprehensive	Latin
repress	Latin
reprise	French
reptile	French
repugnant	French
requiem	Latin
research	French
resect	Latin
resent	French
reservoir	French
resident	French
resign	French
resilient	Latin
resin	French
resinous	Latin
resoluble	Latin
resolute	Latin
resolution	French
respect	French
respective	Latin
respiratory	Latin
respond	French
rest	French
restore	French
resultant	French
resume	French
resuscitation	French
retard	French
retardance	French
rete	Latin
retention	Latin
reticent	Latin
reticle	Latin
reticulate	Latin
retort	French
retract	French
retro	French
retroactive	French
retrograde	Latin
reverberant	French
reverberate	Latin
reverend	French
reverse	French
review	French
revile	French
revolt	French
Reynard	French
rhabdomancy	Greek
rhapsodomancy	French
Rhineland	West Germanic
Rhodes scholar	West Germanic
Rhodes	Greek
rhomboid	French
rhyme	French
ribbon	French
Richard	French
Rig veda	Indian
rigatoni	Romance (other)
ringleader	West Germanic
rio	Romance (other)
riot	French
risque	French
robe	French
rococo	French
Rolf	North Germanic
Romania	Latin
Rosicrucian	Latin
Rosinante	Romance (other)
rostrum	Latin
rotavirus	Latin
rotunda	Romance (other)
rotundity	Latin
roue	French
rouge	French
rue	French
ruinous	French
rule	French
rumen	Latin
ruminant	Latin
runic	Latin
rustic	Latin
ruth	North Germanic
Sabbath	Latin
saccharine	Latin
sacrament	French
Sacramento	Romance (other)
sacre bleu	French
sadism	French
safeguard	French
saffron	French
sagacity	French
sagittal	Latin
sahib	Indian
salaam	Semitic
salad	French
salamander	French
salami	Romance (other)
Salem	Semitic
Salic	French
saliva	French
salutation	French
salute	Latin
salvation	French
sambo	Romance (other)
samizdat	Slavic
sangha	Indian
sanguinary	French
sanhedrim	Semitic
Sanka	French
sap	French
sapience	French
saponify	French
sapphire	French
sarcasm	Latin
sassafras	Romance (other)
Sassanid	Latin
Satan	Latin
satchel	French
satiety	French
satisfy	French
sauce	French
sauerkraut	West Germanic
sauna	Uralic
savory	French
savory	Latin
Saxon	Latin
scab	West Germanic
scald	French
scalene	Latin
scandal	French
scandalize	French
scapular	Latin
scarab	French
scaramouche	Romance (other)
scare	North Germanic
scarf	French
scathe	North Germanic
scheme	Latin
schismatic	French
schlemazel	West Germanic
scholiast	Latin
sciatica	Latin
scion	French
scirrhous	French
scissors	French
sclerosis	Latin
scoliosis	Greek
scopa	Latin
scope	Romance (other)
scorbutic	Latin
score	North Germanic
scram	West Germanic
scrofulous	Latin
scullion	French
scut	North Germanic
Scylla	Latin
se-	Latin
seance	French
seat	North Germanic
secant	Latin
seclusive	Latin
secondary	Latin
secular	French
secundine	Latin
sedulous	Latin
segregation	Latin
seize	French
selection	Latin
selenium	Greek
semantics	French
semiology	Greek
semper-	Latin
senate	French
senescent	Latin
seneschal	French
senile	French
senora	Romance (other)
sensorium	Latin
sensual	French
sentence	French
separation	French
September	Latin
septum	Latin
sepulchral	Latin
sequence	French
sequent	French
sequential	Latin
sequestration	Latin
seraglio	Romance (other)
serene	Latin
serenity	French
sericulture	French
serotine	French
serve	French
serviceable	French
serviette	French
servitude	French
sessile	Latin
severe	French
sextillion	Latin
shag	West Germanic
shah	Iranian
shamefaced	West Germanic
shawm	French
sheet	West Germanic
shelf	West Germanic
shelve	West Germanic
Sherlock	West Germanic
Sherman	West Germanic
shinny	Celtic
shiver	West Germanic
shogun	East Asian
shoulder	West Germanic
shrimp	North Germanic
shun	West Germanic
shyster	West Germanic
sic	West Germanic
sidereal	French
Sidon	Greek
silhouette	French
simile	Latin
similitude	French
simoom	Semitic
simulator	Latin
simultaneous	Latin
Singh	Indian
single	French
singspiel	West Germanic
sinistrorse	Latin
sinuous	Latin
Sirius	Latin
sirloin	French
situate	Latin
sitz-bath	West Germanic
size	French
skene	Celtic
skeptic	French
sketch	West Germanic
skillet	French
skull	North Germanic
slalom	North Germanic
slash	French
slat	French
slave	French
sleigh	West Germanic
sleuth	North Germanic
slew	Celtic
Slovak	French
smile	West Germanic
smirch	French
smithereens	Celtic
snape	North Germanic
snipe	North Germanic
snuff	West Germanic
snuffle	West Germanic
sobriquet	French
soldiery	French
solicitor	French
solid	French
solidary	French
solipsism	Latin
solitaire	French
Solomon	Greek
soluble	French
-some	Greek
somnolence	French
Somnus	Latin
sonata	Romance (other)
sonnet	French
Sonora	Romance (other)
sophistic	Latin
sorrel	French
sot	French
Sothic	French
soubrette	French
soutane	French
spanner	West Germanic
spar	French
spar	West Germanic
sparagmos	Greek
sparrowhawk	West Germanic
spectacle	French
specter	French
speculative	French
sphincter	French
spice	French
spindle	West Germanic
spinney	French
spiral	French
spirochete	Latin
splint	West Germanic
spondylitis	Latin
spool	French
sport	French
sprinkle	West Germanic
spume	French
spunk	Celtic
squat	French
squeeze	West Germanic
stability	French
staccato	Romance (other)
stalagmite	Latin
stalk	West Germanic
stamina	Latin
stance	French
stanch	French
stannate	Latin
stannic	Latin
stanza	Romance (other)
staphylococcus	Greek
starch	West Germanic
startle	West Germanic
statistics	West Germanic
statuary	Latin
stavesacre	Latin
steenbok	West Germanic
Stella	Latin
stellar	Latin
stercoraceous	Latin
sterility	French
sternum	Greek
stertorous	Latin
stethoscope	French
stew	French
stiletto	Romance (other)
still	West Germanic
stimulation	Latin
stipend	Latin
stipendiary	Latin
stirring	West Germanic
stole	Latin
story	French
strategist	French
stratography	Greek
stratosphere	French
street	Latin
stringent	Latin
study	French
stupefy	Latin
stupendous	Latin
stutter	West Germanic
Stygian	Latin
stylite	Greek
styptic	French
subaltern	French
subduct	Latin
subjective	Latin
submerge	French
subreption	Latin
subrogate	Latin
subscription	French
subsidiary	Latin
substitute	Latin
substitution	French
substratum	Latin
sudatorium	Latin
suggest	Latin
sulfurous	Latin
sully	French
sumac	French
Sumatra	Indian
summate	Latin
summative	Latin
super-	Latin
superannuated	Latin
supererogation	Latin
superfluous	Latin
superintend	Latin
superlative	French
supernal	French
supernatural	Latin
supersession	Latin
supervene	Latin
supervisor	Latin
supinate	Latin
supine	Latin
supper	French
supplicant	Latin
supplication	French
supply	French
suppository	Latin
supra-	Latin
surcharge	French
surcingle	French
sure	French
surgent	Latin
surplice	French
sustenance	French
susurrant	Latin
svelte	French
Swabia	Latin
swoon	West Germanic
syllogistic	Latin
sympathy	French
symphony	French
symphysis	Greek
synchronism	Latin
synchronize	Greek
syncytial	Greek
synonym	French
synonymous	Latin
synopsis	Latin
syntactic	Latin
syntagmatic	French
system	Latin
syzygy	Latin
Szechwan	East Asian
tabes	Latin
tabulate	Latin
tacet	Latin
tack	French
tactic	Latin
taffrail	West Germanic
tai chi	East Asian
Tangier	Semitic
tansy	French
tardigrade	French
tariff	Romance (other)
tassel	French
tattle	West Germanic
tautology	Latin
tectonic	Latin
tedious	French
tegument	Latin
Telamon	Greek
Telemachus	Latin
tell	Semitic
telos	Greek
temblor	Romance (other)
temperature	Latin
tempestuous	Latin
temporary	Latin
tend	French
tendency	Latin
tenebrism	Romance (other)
tenet	Latin
terbium	Latin
tercel	French
term	French
terminology	West Germanic
ternary	Latin
terra-cotta	Romance (other)
terrible	French
tertiary	Latin
tessellated	Latin
tessera	Latin
tester	Latin
tetany	French
tetragrammaton	Greek
Teutonic	Latin
Texas	Romance (other)
textual	French
texture	French
thaumaturge	Latin
theft	West Germanic
their	North Germanic
Theodore	Latin
Theodosia	Greek
theology	French
therapeutic	Latin
Thermopylae	Greek
thespian	Greek
thrice	West Germanic
throe	West Germanic
thrombosis	Greek
thyrsus	Latin
thyself	West Germanic
tick	West Germanic
tier	French
till	North Germanic
till	West Germanic
timid	French
tinct	Latin
titanium	Latin
toast	French
Tobias	Latin
Tocharian	French
tocsin	French
tofu	East Asian
told	West Germanic
toleration	French
toluene	West Germanic
tombolo	Romance (other)
topos	Greek
torpor	Latin
torrent	French
tortfeasor	French
tournament	French
tout	West Germanic
towel	French
tower	Latin
Trafalgar	Semitic
tragedy	French
tragi-comedy	French
traitor	French
trajectory	Latin
trammel	French
transcendent	Latin
transcribe	Latin
transcription	French
transfigure	French
transformation	French
transgress	French
transit	Latin
transitory	French
translucence	Latin
transplantation	French
trapeze	French
trapezium	Latin
trappings	West Germanic
treachery	French
treasure	French
treat	French
tri-	Latin
triangulate	Latin
triangulation	French
tribe	French
tribology	Greek
tribulation	French
trice	West Germanic
trichotillomania	French
trifid	Latin
trifle	French
triple	Latin
trist	French
Triton	Latin
trituration	Latin
trivial	Latin
trochee	French
troglodyte	French
troop	French
trophic	Greek
troubadour	French
truant	French
truculent	Latin
tryst	French
tuberculous	Latin
tuck	West Germanic
tuft	French
tumbrel	French
tumultuous	French
tunicate	Latin
tuque	French
turbidity	Latin
turbot	French
turn	French
tutti-frutti	Romance (other)
tutu	French
tympanist	Latin
tyrannize	French
tyranny	French
tyrant	French
Tyrol	Celtic
ubiquity	Latin
ug	North Germanic
uhlan	West Germanic
ulna	Latin
ultramontane	French
ululation	Latin
umbilicus	Latin
umbo	Latin
umlaut	West Germanic
unary	Latin
undulation	Latin
unicorn	French
unilateral	Latin
universality	French
upsilon	Greek
upsy-daisy	West Germanic
Ural	Uralic
uretic	Latin
urination	Latin
Ursa	Latin
urschleim	West Germanic
ursine	Latin
ursprache	West Germanic
urticaria	Latin
usable	French
Ustashi	Slavic
utile	French
utility	French
uxorious	Latin
vacant	French
vacate	Latin
vacillation	Latin
vacuity	Latin
valence	Latin
valerian	French
valet	French
valid	French
validate	Latin
valor	French
valorous	French
vamoose	Romance (other)
vandalism	French
vanguard	French
vanilla	Romance (other)
Varangian	Latin
varve	North Germanic
vascular	Latin
vasectomy	Latin
vast	French
vates	Latin
Veda	Indian
vegetal	Latin
vellum	French
vena cava	Latin
veneer	West Germanic
ventral	French
venue	French
ver	French
veracious	Latin
verbiage	French
verbose	Latin
verboten	West Germanic
vermicular	Latin
vermiculation	Latin
vernacular	Latin
Versailles	Latin
vert	Latin
vertebrate	Latin
vertex	Latin
verve	French
vessel	French
vestibule	French
vestige	French
viatic	Latin
vibrant	Latin
vibration	Latin
vibrato	Romance (other)
vicegerent	Latin
vicinage	French
vigilance	French
vigilante	Romance (other)
Viking	North Germanic
vilify	Latin
villanelle	French
vindictive	Latin
vinegar	French
Virgilian	Latin
virginal	French
Virgo	Latin
virility	French
virulence	Latin
virulent	Latin
viscera	Latin
viscid	French
vista	Romance (other)
vita	West Germanic
vital	Latin
vitality	Latin
vitrine	French
vivisection	Latin
viz.	Latin
Vladimir	Slavic
vocal	French
voivode	Slavic
volar	Latin
volition	French
volkslied	West Germanic
volte-face	Romance (other)
voluble	French
volute	French
vomit	Latin
vortex	Latin
votary	Latin
votive	French
vow	French
Vulcan	Latin
wagon	West Germanic
waist	West Germanic
wake	North Germanic
wall	Latin
wallah	Indian
walrus	West Germanic
wapentake	North Germanic
war	French
Warwickshire	West Germanic
wave	West Germanic
weak	North Germanic
weet	West Germanic
welt	North Germanic
welter	West Germanic
whimper	West Germanic
whir	North Germanic
whisker	West Germanic
wiener	West Germanic
Winnebago	other
winnow	West Germanic
wolfram	West Germanic
wonton	East Asian
xerosis	Greek
xiphoid	Greek
yaws	other
yen	East Asian
yeshiva	Semitic
yet	West Germanic
zebu	French
zeitgeist	West Germanic
Zenobia	Greek
zephyr	West Germanic
zest	French
Zimbabwe	other
zoic	Greek
zoster	Greek
zygomatic	Latin
