a la mode	French
a-	Greek
aardwolf	West Germanic
Aaron	Semitic
abacus	Latin
Abaddon	Semitic
abaft	West Germanic
abalienate	Latin
abalone	Romance (other)
abase	French
abash	French
abate	French
Abba	Latin
abbe	French
abbess	French
abbot	Latin
abbreviate	Latin
abdicate	Latin
abdication	Latin
abdomen	Latin
abducent	Latin
abduction	Latin
Abel	Semitic
Abenaki	French
Aberdeen	Celtic
aberration	Latin
abet	French
abhor	Latin
abhorrent	Latin
ability	French
Abitur	Latin
abjection	French
abjuration	Latin
abjure	French
ablactation	Latin
ablative	French
ablaut	West Germanic
able	French
ablegation	Latin
ablution	Latin
abnegate	Latin
abnegation	Latin
abolish	French
abolition	French
abominable	French
abomination	French
abort	Latin
abortifacient	Latin
abortion	Latin
abound	French
about	West Germanic
above	West Germanic
abrade	Latin
abrasion	Latin
abrasive	Latin
abridge	French
abridgement	French
abroad	West Germanic
abrogate	Latin
abrogation	Latin
abrupt	Latin
Absalom	Semitic
abscess	Latin
abscise	Latin
abscissa	Latin
abscission	Latin
absence	French
absent	French
absolution	French
absolve	Latin
absorb	French
absorbent	Latin
abstemious	Latin
abstention	French
abstract	Latin
absurdity	French
abundance	French
abusive	French
abut	French
abysm	French
abyss	Latin
Abyssinia	Latin
academic	Latin
acajou	French
acanthus	Latin
accede	Latin
accelerando	Romance (other)
accelerant	Latin
accelerate	Latin
acceleration	Latin
accent	French
accentual	Latin
accentuate	Latin
accentuation	Latin
accept	French
acceptability	Latin
acceptable	French
acceptance	French
access	French
accessibility	French
accessible	French
accession	Latin
accessory	Latin
accident	French
accidental	French
accipiter	Latin
acclaim	Latin
acclamation	Latin
acclimate	French
accolade	French
accommodate	Latin
accommodation	French
accompaniment	French
accomplice	French
accomplish	French
accomplishment	French
accord	French
accordance	French
accordant	French
accordion	West Germanic
accouchement	French
accoucheur	French
accountable	French
accouter	French
accoutrement	French
accredit	French
accumulate	Latin
accumulation	Latin
accumulative	Latin
accurate	Latin
accusation	French
accusatory	Latin
accustom	French
ace	French
Aceldama	Greek
acephalous	French
acer	Latin
acerbic	Latin
acerbity	French
acervate	Latin
acescent	French
acetate	Latin
acetic	French
acetylene	French
ache	West Germanic
achieve	French
achievement	French
Achilles tendon	Latin
achtung	West Germanic
acicular	Latin
acid	French
acidity	French
acidulous	Latin
acme	Greek
aconite	French
acoustic	French
acquaint	French
acquiesce	French
acquiescence	French
acquiescent	Latin
acquisition	French
acquisitive	Latin
acquit	French
acquittance	French
acrid	Latin
acrimonious	French
acrimony	French
acro-	Latin
acromegaly	French
acrophobia	Greek
acropolis	Latin
acrostic	Latin
act	Latin
actino-	Latin
actor	Latin
actual	French
actuality	Latin
actuary	Latin
acuity	French
acumen	Latin
acuminate	Latin
acupuncture	Latin
acute	Latin
ad lib	Latin
ad-	Latin
Ada	Semitic
Adam	Semitic
adamant	Latin
adamantine	Latin
adapt	French
adaptation	French
add	Latin
addendum	Latin
addict	Latin
addiction	Latin
additament	Latin
addition	French
additive	Latin
address	French
adduce	Latin
adduction	French
Adelaide	French
Adelphi	Greek
Aden	Semitic
adenine	Greek
adeno-	Greek
adept	Latin
adequate	Latin
adhere	French
adherence	French
adhesion	French
adhesive	French
adiaphorous	Greek
adieu	French
adios	Romance (other)
adipose	Latin
adit	Latin
adjacence	Latin
adjacent	Latin
adjective	French
adjourn	French
adjudge	French
adjudication	French
adjunct	Latin
adjuration	Latin
adjust	French
adjustment	French
adjutant	Latin
administration	Latin
administrator	French
admirable	French
admiral	French
admiration	French
admire	French
admissible	French
admission	Latin
admit	Latin
admonish	French
admonitory	Latin
adobe	Romance (other)
adolescent	French
adolescent	Latin
Adolph	West Germanic
Adonis	Greek
adoption	French
adoptive	French
adorable	French
adoration	French
adore	French
adorn	French
adornment	French
Adrastea	Greek
adrenaline	Latin
Adrian	Latin
Adriatic	Latin
adulation	French
adult	Latin
adulterant	Latin
adulteration	Latin
adumbrate	Latin
advance	French
advancement	French
advantage	French
advent	Latin
adventure	French
adventurous	French
adverbial	Latin
adverse	French
adversity	French
advert	French
advertence	French
advertise	French
advertisement	French
advice	French
advisement	French
advocation	Latin
adze	West Germanic
Aegean	Greek
aegis	Greek
Aeneas	Greek
Aeolus	Greek
aeration	French
aerodonetics	Greek
aesthetic	West Germanic
aetio-	Latin
afar	West Germanic
affable	French
affect	French
affect	Latin
affectation	French
affection	French
affiance	French
affidavit	Latin
affiliate	Latin
affiliation	French
affinity	French
affirm	French
affix	Latin
afflatus	Latin
afflict	French
affliction	French
affluent	French
afflux	Latin
affogato	Romance (other)
affray	French
affront	French
aficionado	Romance (other)
afield	West Germanic
afore	West Germanic
African	Latin
Afro-	Latin
agamy	Greek
agaric	Latin
agate	French
agathist	Greek
agency	Latin
agenda	Latin
agent	Latin
agential	Latin
agglomeration	Latin
agglutinate	Latin
agglutination	Latin
agglutinative	Latin
aggrandizement	French
aggravation	French
aggregate	Latin
aggregation	Latin
aggression	French
aggressor	Latin
aggrieve	French
agile	French
agility	French
agitate	Latin
agitation	French
agitprop	Slavic
aglet	French
Agnes	French
agnostic	Greek
Agnus Dei	West Germanic
ago	West Germanic
agog	French
agon	Greek
agonic	Greek
agonist	Latin
agonistic	Latin
agonize	French
agony	French
agoraphobia	West Germanic
agrarian	French
agree	French
agreeable	French
agreement	French
agriculture	Latin
ague	French
ah	French
ahimsa	Indian
aid	French
ail	West Germanic
aileron	French
aim	French
air	French
air	Romance (other)
Ajax	Greek
akimbo	West Germanic
Akron	Greek
al dente	Latin
al fresco	Latin
alabaster	French
alacrity	Latin
alar	Latin
alarm	French
alas	French
albacore	Romance (other)
albatross	Romance (other)
albescent	Latin
Albigensian	Latin
albino	Romance (other)
albumen	Latin
alchemist	French
alchemy	French
alcohol	Latin
Alcoran	French
alcove	French
Aldebaran	Semitic
aleatory	Latin
alectryomachy	Latin
alembic	French
alert	French
Alethea	Greek
Alexis	Greek
algal	Latin
Algernon	French
-algia	Greek
Algol	Semitic
algolagnia	Greek
algologist	Latin
Algonquin	French
algorism	French
algorithm	French
alibi	Latin
Alice	French
alien	French
alienate	Latin
alienation	French
alienist	French
align	French
alignment	French
alike	West Germanic
aliment	Latin
alimentary	Latin
Alison	French
alkali	Latin
alkalize	French
Allah	Semitic
allegation	French
allegorical	French
allegory	French
allegretto	Romance (other)
allele	West Germanic
allemande	French
allergy	West Germanic
alleviate	Latin
alleviation	Latin
alley	French
alliteration	Latin
allo-	Greek
allocate	Latin
allocation	French
allogenic	Greek
allonym	French
allopathic	French
allopathy	West Germanic
allot	French
allotment	French
allotropy	French
allowable	French
allowance	French
allude	French
allumette	French
allusion	Latin
ally	French
Alma	Latin
almah	Semitic
almond	French
almoner	French
aloe	Latin
aloha	other
alone	West Germanic
alouette	French
Aloysius	Latin
alpaca	Romance (other)
alpha	Latin
alphabet	Latin
Alphonso	Romance (other)
Alsace	Latin
alt	Latin
Altair	Semitic
altar	Latin
alter	French
alteration	French
altercation	French
alternate	Latin
alternative	Latin
alti-	Latin
altimetry	Latin
altitude	Latin
alum	French
alveolus	Latin
alyssum	Latin
amable	French
amalgam	French
amanuensis	Latin
amass	French
amastia	West Germanic
amateur	French
amative	Latin
amaze	West Germanic
ambage	French
ambagious	French
ambassador	French
ambergris	French
ambi-	Latin
ambience	French
ambient	Latin
ambiguous	Latin
ambit	Latin
ambition	French
ambitious	Latin
ambivalence	West Germanic
amble	French
amblosis	Greek
amblyopia	Greek
Ambrose	Latin
ambrosia	Latin
ambrotype	Greek
ambulance	French
ambulate	Latin
ambulation	Latin
ambulatory	Latin
ambuscade	French
ambush	French
amelioration	French
amen	Latin
amendment	French
amends	French
amenity	Latin
amentia	Latin
American	Latin
amethyst	French
ami	French
amiable	French
amicable	Latin
-amide	French
amigo	Romance (other)
amity	French
ammoniac	French
amnestic	Greek
amoeba	Latin
amoebaean	Greek
amole	Romance (other)
among	West Germanic
amontillado	Romance (other)
amorous	French
amorphous	Latin
Amos	Semitic
amount	French
amour	French
ampere	French
amphibian	Greek
amphibrach	Latin
Amphictyonic	Greek
amphigory	French
Amphiscians	Latin
amphitheater	Latin
amphoteric	Greek
ample	French
amplify	French
amplitude	French
ampoule	French
ampul	French
ampulla	Latin
amputation	French
Amritsar	Indian
Amsterdam	West Germanic
amt	North Germanic
amulet	Latin
amuse	French
amusement	French
Amy	French
amygdala	Latin
amyloid	Latin
-an	Latin
an	West Germanic
ana-	Greek
-ana	West Germanic
Anabaptism	Latin
Anabaptist	Latin
anabasis	Greek
anachronism	Latin
anacoluthon	Latin
anacrusis	Greek
anagram	French
anal	Latin
analects	Latin
analeptic	Latin
analgesia	Greek
analogue	French
analysis	Latin
analyst	French
analytic	Latin
analytical	Latin
anamnesis	Greek
anamnestic	Latin
ananda	Indian
ananym	Greek
anapestic	Latin
anarchic	Latin
anarchy	French
Anasazi	other
anathema	Latin
anathematize	French
Anatolia	Latin
anatomize	Latin
anatomy	French
anchor	Latin
anchylosis	Greek
ancien regime	French
-ancy	Latin
andante	Romance (other)
andiron	French
andouille	French
Andrew	French
andro-	Greek
androgyne	Latin
androgynous	Latin
android	Latin
Andromache	Greek
andron	Greek
anemia	Greek
anemo-	Greek
anemone	French
anesthesia	Greek
anew	West Germanic
anfractuous	Latin
angel	Latin
Angeleno	Romance (other)
angelic	French
anger	North Germanic
angina	Latin
angio-	Latin
Angle	Latin
angle	West Germanic
Anglican	Latin
Anglice	Latin
Anglicism	Latin
Anglist	West Germanic
Anglo-	Latin
Anglo-Saxon	Latin
anguish	French
angular	Latin
Angus	Celtic
anhedonia	French
anhydrous	Greek
aniline	Romance (other)
animadvert	Latin
animal	Latin
animalcule	Latin
animate	Latin
animation	Latin
animator	Latin
animosity	French
animus	Latin
anion	Greek
anise	French
anisette	French
aniso-	Greek
ankh	other
ankle	West Germanic
ankylosaurus	Greek
anlage	West Germanic
Ann	Latin
Anna	Latin
annalist	French
annals	Latin
anneal	West Germanic
annelid	French
annex	French
annexation	Latin
annihilation	French
annotate	Latin
annotation	Latin
announcement	French
annoyance	French
Annuit Coeptis	Latin
annunciate	Latin
anode	Greek
anodyne	Latin
anoint	French
anomic	French
anomo-	Greek
anomphalous	Latin
anomy	French
anonymous	Latin
Anopheles	Greek
anorak	other
anorectic	Greek
anorexia	Greek
anormal	French
anosmia	Greek
anoxic	Greek
anschluss	West Germanic
Anselm	Latin
ant	West Germanic
Antaeus	Latin
antagonism	French
antagonist	French
antagonize	Greek
antalgic	Greek
antanaclasis	Latin
antarctic	French
ante	Latin
ante-	Latin
antecede	Latin
antecedence	Latin
antecedent	French
antechamber	French
antedate	Latin
antediluvian	Latin
antenna	Latin
antenuptial	Latin
ante-partum	Latin
ante-room	Latin
anthem	Latin
anther	French
anthesis	Greek
anthology	Latin
anthomania	Greek
Anthony	Latin
anthracite	Latin
anthracomancy	Latin
anthrax	Latin
anthropic	Greek
anthropo-	Greek
anthropoid	Greek
anthropolatry	Greek
anthropomorphite	Latin
anthropomorphous	Greek
anthropopathy	Greek
anthropophagous	Greek
anthropophagy	French
antic	Romance (other)
antichrist	Latin
antichthon	Latin
anticipation	Latin
antidote	French
antimony	French
antinomian	Latin
antipasto	Romance (other)
antiphon	French
antiquary	Latin
antiquate	Latin
antiquation	Latin
antique	French
antiquity	French
anti-Semitism	West Germanic
antithesis	Latin
antithetical	Greek
antitype	Greek
Antonia	Latin
Antony	Latin
antonym	Greek
antrum	Greek
Anubis	Greek
anuria	Greek
anus	French
anxious	Latin
anywise	West Germanic
aorist	Greek
apagoge	Greek
Apennine	Celtic
apercu	French
aperitif	French
apert	French
aperture	Latin
apex	Latin
aphasia	Latin
apheresis	Latin
aphorism	French
aphoristic	Latin
aphrodisiac	Latin
Aphrodite	Greek
apiary	Latin
apical	Latin
apiculture	Latin
aplasia	Greek
apnea	Greek
apo-	Greek
apocalyptic	Greek
apocrypha	Latin
apodictic	Latin
apologist	French
apologue	French
apophasis	Latin
apophatic	Latin
aporetic	French
apostasy	Latin
apostatize	Latin
apostille	French
apostle	Latin
apostrophe	French
apotheosis	Latin
apothesis	Greek
Appalachian	other
appall	French
appanage	French
apparatus	Latin
apparel	French
apparent	French
appeasement	French
appellate	Latin
appellative	Latin
append	French
appendicitis	Latin
appendicular	Latin
apperception	French
applaud	Latin
applause	Latin
applicable	Latin
applicant	Latin
application	French
applique	French
apply	French
apportion	French
appose	French
apposite	Latin
apposition	Latin
appositive	Latin
appreciable	French
appreciate	Latin
apprehend	Latin
apprehensible	Latin
apprehension	French
apprehensive	Latin
apprentice	French
approbate	Latin
approbation	French
appropriate	Latin
appropriation	Latin
approve	French
approximate	Latin
apraxia	West Germanic
apricate	Latin
apricot	Romance (other)
apron	French
apropos	French
apse	Latin
apsis	Latin
aqua	Latin
aqua-	Latin
aquarelle	French
Aquarius	Latin
aquatic	French
aquatint	Romance (other)
aqueduct	Latin
aquifer	Latin
Aquila	Latin
Aquitaine	Latin
-ar	Latin
Arab	French
arabesque	French
arable	French
arachnid	French
arbalest	French
arbiter	French
arbitrage	French
arbitrary	Latin
arbitrate	Latin
arbitration	French
arbor	French
arbor	Latin
arboreal	Latin
arboretum	Latin
arboriculture	Latin
arc	French
Arcadian	Greek
arcane	Latin
arch	French
arch-	Latin
archaeologist	French
archaism	Latin
archangel	French
archdeacon	Latin
Archibald	West Germanic
Archimedean	Greek
archipelago	Romance (other)
architect	French
architecture	French
architrave	Romance (other)
archives	French
archivist	Latin
archivolt	Romance (other)
archon	Greek
-archy	Latin
arctic	French
Arcturus	Latin
arcuate	Latin
-ard	French
ardor	French
arduous	Latin
are	West Germanic
area	Latin
arena	Latin
arenaceous	Latin
areola	Latin
arete	French
argent	French
Argentina	Latin
argentine	French
argon	Greek
argosy	Romance (other)
argot	French
argue	French
argument	French
argumentation	French
argumentative	French
aria	Romance (other)
arid	French
aridity	French
Aries	Latin
aril	Latin
Arimasp	Latin
arioso	Romance (other)
aristocracy	French
aristocrat	French
arithmancy	Greek
arithmetic	French
arithmomania	French
ark	Latin
arm	French
armada	Romance (other)
armadillo	Romance (other)
Armageddon	Semitic
armament	Latin
armature	Latin
armoire	French
armor	French
Arnold	West Germanic
Arnout	Altaic
aroma	Latin
aromatherapy	French
aromatic	Latin
aromatize	Latin
arpeggio	Romance (other)
arrack	Semitic
arraign	French
arraignment	French
arrange	French
arrangement	French
arrear	French
arrest	French
arrhythmic	Greek
arriviste	French
arrogance	French
arrogate	Latin
arrogation	Latin
arrow	West Germanic
arsenal	Romance (other)
art nouveau	French
Artaxerxes	Greek
arterial	French
arteriole	Latin
artesian	French
arthralgia	Greek
arthritic	French
arthropod	Latin
Arthropoda	Greek
Arthur	Latin
article	French
articulate	Latin
articulation	French
artifact	Romance (other)
artifice	French
artificial	French
artisan	Romance (other)
artist	French
artistic	French
-ary	Latin
as	West Germanic
asbestine	Latin
asbestos	French
ascendant	Latin
ascetic	Latin
ascites	Latin
ascribe	French
ascription	Latin
ascus	Greek
aseity	Latin
Asgard	North Germanic
Ashkenazim	Semitic
ashlar	French
Asia	Latin
Asian	Latin
Asiatic	Latin
asinine	Latin
asleep	West Germanic
Asmodeus	Latin
asparagus	Latin
asperate	Latin
asperation	Latin
asperges	Latin
asperse	Latin
aspersion	Latin
asphalt	Latin
aspheterism	Greek
asphodel	Latin
asphyxia	Latin
aspic	French
aspirant	French
aspiration	Latin
aspire	French
aspirin	Latin
asportation	Latin
ass	Latin
assail	French
assailant	French
assault	French
assembly	French
assert	Latin
assertion	French
asseverate	Latin
asseveration	Latin
assiduity	Latin
assiduous	Latin
assign	French
assignat	French
assignee	French
assignment	French
assimilable	Latin
assimilation	French
assist	French
assistance	French
assistant	Latin
associate	Latin
association	Latin
assort	French
assume	Latin
assumptive	Latin
assurance	French
Assyria	Latin
Astarte	Greek
astatine	Greek
asteism	Greek
aster	Latin
asterisk	Latin
asteroid	Greek
asthenia	Greek
asthenosphere	Greek
asthma	Latin
asthmatic	Latin
astigmatism	Greek
astonish	French
astound	West Germanic
astriction	Latin
astroid	Greek
astrology	Latin
astronomy	French
astute	Latin
asylum	Latin
asymmetry	Greek
asymptote	Greek
asystole	Greek
Atalanta	Greek
atavic	Latin
ataxia	Greek
-ate	Latin
atelectasis	Greek
atelier	French
Athanasian	Greek
atheism	French
atheist	French
Athena	Latin
Athenaeum	Latin
Athenian	Latin
Athens	Greek
atheous	Latin
atheroma	Greek
atherosclerosis	West Germanic
-ative	Latin
atman	Indian
atmo-	Greek
atom	Latin
atopy	Greek
atrocity	French
attach	French
attache	French
attack	French
attainment	French
attempt	French
attend	French
attendance	French
attent	Latin
attention	French
attentive	French
attenuate	Latin
attest	French
attestation	Latin
Attic	Latin
Attica	Greek
attire	French
atto-	North Germanic
attorn	French
attract	Latin
attraction	French
attractive	French
attrahent	Latin
attribute	Latin
attrite	Latin
attrition	Latin
au revoir	Latin
au	French
auberge	French
aubergine	French
Aubrey	French
auburn	French
auction	Latin
audacious	French
audacity	Latin
audible	French
audience	French
audit	Latin
audition	French
auditorium	Latin
Aufklarung	West Germanic
Augean	Greek
augment	French
augmentation	French
augmentative	French
august	Latin
August	Latin
Augustan	Latin
Augustus	Latin
aura	Latin
aural	Latin
aureate	Latin
aureole	Latin
auriferous	Latin
Auriga	Latin
aurochs	West Germanic
auscultate	Latin
auscultation	Latin
auspex	Latin
auspices	French
auspicious	Latin
austere	French
austerity	French
Austin	French
austral	Latin
Australopithecus	Latin
Austria	Latin
autarchy	Latin
autarky	Greek
authentic	French
authenticate	Latin
authoritative	Latin
authorize	French
autobahn	West Germanic
autocracy	French
autocratic	French
auto-da-fe	Romance (other)
autodidact	Latin
autodidactic	Greek
autogenous	Greek
autograph	French
automaton	Latin
automobile	French
autonomy	Greek
autophobia	Greek
autumnal	Latin
avail	Latin
avalanche	French
avant	Latin
avarice	French
avaricious	French
avatar	Indian
avaunt	French
aver	French
average	French
averse	French
aversion	French
avert	French
Avestan	Iranian
avian	Latin
aviary	Latin
aviation	French
aviator	French
avicide	Latin
aviculture	French
avid	French
avidity	French
aviform	Latin
avocado	Romance (other)
avouch	French
await	French
awk	North Germanic
awn	North Germanic
axillary	Latin
axiom	French
axiomatic	Greek
axis	Latin
axle	West Germanic
axon	Greek
ayah	Romance (other)
aye	North Germanic
Azerbaijan	Iranian
Azores	Romance (other)
Aztec	Romance (other)
azure	French
Baal	Latin
baba	French
baboon	French
babouche	French
babu	Indian
babushka	Slavic
baccalaureate	Latin
Bacchae	Greek
Bacchus	Latin
bachelor	French
bacillus	Latin
backgammon	West Germanic
bacteria	Greek
bacteriophage	French
Bactrian	Latin
badinage	French
Baedeker	West Germanic
bag	North Germanic
bagatelle	French
bagel	West Germanic
baggage	French
baguette	French
Bahamas	Romance (other)
Bahrain	Semitic
bailey	French
bailiff	French
bain-marie	French
bait	North Germanic
Bakelite	West Germanic
baksheesh	Iranian
balalaika	Slavic
balance	French
baldric	French
Baldwin	French
bale	French
Balearic	Latin
baleen	French
Balkans	Altaic
ballad	French
ballast	West Germanic
ballerina	Romance (other)
ballet	French
ballista	Latin
ballistic	Greek
ballistics	Greek
ballon	French
balloon	Romance (other)
ballot	Romance (other)
balneal	Greek
balsa	Romance (other)
balsam	Latin
Baltic	Latin
baluster	French
balustrade	French
bambino	Romance (other)
bamboo	West Germanic
ban	West Germanic
banal	French
banality	French
banausic	Greek
band	French
band	West Germanic
bandage	French
bandanna	Indian
bandeau	French
bandit	Romance (other)
bandolier	French
bandy	French
bangle	Indian
banister	French
banjo	Romance (other)
banlieue	Latin
banner	French
bannock	Celtic
banns	West Germanic
banquet	French
banquette	French
banyan	Indian
baobab	Latin
baptism	French
baptistry	French
bar	French
bar	Greek
barb	French
Barbados	Romance (other)
barbarian	Latin
barbaric	French
barbarism	French
barbarize	Latin
Barbary	Latin
barbecue	Romance (other)
barbican	French
bargain	French
barge	French
baritone	Romance (other)
barium	Greek
bark	French
bark	West Germanic
baroness	French
baroque	French
barrack	French
barracuda	Romance (other)
barrage	French
barratry	French
barre	French
barrel	French
barren	French
barret	French
barrette	French
barricade	French
barrio	Romance (other)
barter	French
basalt	Latin
base	French
bash	North Germanic
bashful	French
Basil	Latin
basilisk	Latin
bask	North Germanic
bas-relief	French
bass	Latin
bassinet	French
bastard	French
bastinado	Romance (other)
batholith	West Germanic
Bathsheba	Semitic
bathukolpian	Greek
bathyscaphe	Greek
baton	French
batrachophobia	Greek
battalion	French
batter	French
battery	French
battle	French
battlement	French
battology	Greek
Bauhaus	West Germanic
bauxite	French
bawd	French
bawdry	French
bawl	North Germanic
bay	French
Bayard	French
bazaar	Romance (other)
beacon	West Germanic
beagle	French
beak	French
beaker	North Germanic
Bearnaise	French
beast	French
beatific	French
beatify	French
Beatrice	French
beau-ideal	French
bechamel	French
beck	West Germanic
Bedouin	French
beet	Latin
befoul	West Germanic
beggar	French
begonia	French
behalf	West Germanic
behemoth	Latin
behoof	West Germanic
beknow	West Germanic
bel	French
Bel	Semitic
belay	West Germanic
belemnite	Greek
Belgic	Latin
belief	West Germanic
bell	West Germanic
Bella	Romance (other)
Bellatrix	Latin
belle	French
bellicose	Latin
belligerent	Latin
Belshazzar	Semitic
beluga	Slavic
belvedere	Romance (other)
ben	Celtic
benediction	Latin
benefactor	Latin
beneficence	Latin
beneficial	French
beneficiary	Latin
benevolence	French
benign	French
benison	French
Benjamin	Semitic
bent	West Germanic
benthos	Greek
benzaldehyde	West Germanic
benzene	West Germanic
berceuse	French
Berenice	Latin
berm	French
Bern	West Germanic
Bernard	West Germanic
Bertha	West Germanic
beryl	French
beseech	West Germanic
beside	West Germanic
besom	West Germanic
bestial	French
bestiary	Latin
Betamax	East Asian
bete noire	French
Betelgeuse	Semitic
bethel	Semitic
Bethesda	Greek
Beulah	Semitic
beware	West Germanic
bezant	French
bezique	French
Bhutan	Indian
bialy	Slavic
bias	French
bibelot	French
bibliographer	Greek
bibliology	French
bibliophile	French
bibliothec	Latin
bibliothecary	Latin
bibulous	Latin
biceps	Latin
bicipital	Latin
bicker	West Germanic
bid	West Germanic
bidet	French
biennial	Latin
bier	West Germanic
bifarious	Latin
bifid	Latin
bifurcate	Latin
bigamist	French
bigot	French
bijou	French
Bildungsroman	West Germanic
bile	French
bilge	French
biliary	French
billow	North Germanic
bimetallic	French
binary	Latin
binaural	Latin
bing	North Germanic
binnacle	Romance (other)
binocular	French
biogen	West Germanic
biography	Latin
biology	Greek
biome	Greek
bionic	Greek
bionomics	Greek
biotic	Latin
biotin	West Germanic
biped	Latin
Biscay	other
biscotti	Romance (other)
bishop	Latin
bismillah	Semitic
bison	French
bisque	French
bissextile	Latin
bistro	French
bitch	North Germanic
bittern	French
bitumen	Latin
bituminous	French
bivious	Latin
bivouac	French
bizarre	French
blab	West Germanic
blackberry	West Germanic
Blaise	other
blame	French
blanch	French
blancmange	French
blandiloquence	Latin
blandish	French
blank	French
blanket	French
blaspheme	French
blasphemous	French
blasphemy	French
blastema	Greek
blastula	Greek
blaze	North Germanic
blazon	French
bleak	North Germanic
bleat	West Germanic
blemish	French
blench	West Germanic
blende	West Germanic
blenny	Latin
blind	West Germanic
blink	West Germanic
blintz	West Germanic
blite	Latin
blitzkrieg	West Germanic
bloc	French
block	French
blockhouse	West Germanic
bloke	Celtic
blond	French
bloom	West Germanic
blossom	West Germanic
blot	North Germanic
blower	West Germanic
blown	West Germanic
blue	French
bluff	West Germanic
blunderbuss	West Germanic
blush	West Germanic
bo tree	Indian
boa	Latin
Boanerges	Greek
bob	French
bobbin	French
bocce	Romance (other)
Boche	French
bock	West Germanic
boggle	West Germanic
Bohemia	French
boil	West Germanic
bole	North Germanic
bollix	West Germanic
bollocks	West Germanic
Bolo	German bacteriologist August Paul 
Bologna	Latin
Bolognese	Romance (other)
Bolshevik	Slavic
bomb	French
bombard	French
bombardier	French
bombinate	Latin
bona-roba	Romance (other)
bonbon	French
bondage	West Germanic
bondman	West Germanic
bonfire	West Germanic
bonhomie	French
Boniface	Latin
bonito	Romance (other)
bonnet	French
bonnyclabber	Celtic
bonsai	East Asian
boon	French
boon	North Germanic
boor	French
boot	French
Bootes	Latin
booth	North Germanic
bordel	French
bordello	French
border	French
boreal	Latin
Boris	Slavic
Borneo	Romance (other)
Bornholm	North Germanic
bose	West Germanic
bosom	West Germanic
Bosphorus	Greek
boss	French
boss	West Germanic
botanic	French
bottle	French
bouche	Latin
bouffant	French
bougie	French
bouillabaisse	French
boulevard	French
bounce	West Germanic
bound	French
bound	North Germanic
bouquet	French
bourgeois	French
bourgeoisie	French
bourse	French
bout	West Germanic
boutique	French
boutonniere	French
bovine	French
bowdlerize	other
bowery	West Germanic
bowl	French
boyar	Slavic
bozo	Romance (other)
Brabant	West Germanic
bracelet	French
brach	French
brachial	Latin
brachiopod	Greek
brackish	West Germanic
bract	Latin
brad	North Germanic
Braganza	Celtic
braggart	French
Brahmin	Indian
braid	West Germanic
brail	French
brake	West Germanic
branch	French
brandish	French
Branwen	Celtic
brasserie	French
brassiere	French
bratwurst	West Germanic
bravado	French
brave	French
bravery	French
bravo	Romance (other)
bravura	Romance (other)
brawl	French
brawn	French
bray	French
braze	French
brazier	French
breadth	West Germanic
breed	West Germanic
breeze	Romance (other)
Bremen	West Germanic
Brenda	North Germanic
breve	Latin
brevet	French
bribe	French
bribery	French
brick	French
Bridget	Celtic
brief	Latin
brier	West Germanic
brigade	French
brigadier	French
brigand	French
brigandage	French
brigantine	French
brilliant	French
brim	West Germanic
brink	West Germanic
brio	Romance (other)
brioche	French
briquette	French
brisket	French
Bristol	West Germanic
Britain	French
Britannic	Latin
Brittany	French
broach	French
brocade	Romance (other)
broch	West Germanic
brogan	Celtic
bromeliad	Latin
bromine	French
bronchia	Latin
bronchial	Latin
bronchiectasis	Greek
bronchus	Latin
brontophobia	West Germanic
brontosaurus	Greek
brontothere	Greek
brooch	French
Brooklyn	West Germanic
brouhaha	French
browse	French
Bruin	West Germanic
brulee	French
brumal	Latin
brume	French
Bruno	West Germanic
brunt	North Germanic
bruschetta	Romance (other)
brush	French
brusque	French
brut	French
brutal	French
brute	French
bryophyte	Latin
Brythonic	Celtic
bubble	West Germanic
bubo	Latin
bubonic	Latin
buccal	Latin
buccaneer	French
Bucephalus	Greek
buck	West Germanic
buckaroo	Romance (other)
buckler	French
buckram	French
buckwheat	West Germanic
bucolic	Latin
bud	French
buddy	other
budge	French
budget	French
buffet	French
buffoon	French
Bufo	Latin
bugger	Latin
bugloss	French
bulb	French
bulbous	Latin
bulge	French
bulgur	Altaic
bulimia	Greek
bull	French
bull	North Germanic
bulla	Latin
bullet	French
bulletin	French
bully	West Germanic
bulwark	West Germanic
bummer	West Germanic
bumpkin	West Germanic
bun	French
bund	West Germanic
bundle	West Germanic
bung	West Germanic
bungalow	Indian
bunion	West Germanic
bunny	West Germanic
bunt	West Germanic
buoy	French
buoyant	Romance (other)
burd	West Germanic
burden	French
burdon	Latin
bureau	French
bureaucracy	French
bureaucrat	French
burette	French
burgess	French
Burgundy	Latin
burial	West Germanic
burin	French
burl	French
burlap	West Germanic
burlesque	French
burly	West Germanic
burn	North Germanic
burn	West Germanic
burnish	French
burro	Romance (other)
bursary	Latin
bush	West Germanic
bushel	French
Bushman	West Germanic
busk	French
buskin	French
buss	Latin
bust	French
bustard	French
bustle	West Germanic
but	West Germanic
butchery	French
butte	French
buttery	French
buttocks	West Germanic
buttress	French
buxom	West Germanic
buzkashi	Iranian
buzzard	French
Byzantine	Latin
cab	French
cabal	French
caballero	Romance (other)
cabana	Romance (other)
cabaret	French
cabbage	French
cabbala	Latin
caber	Celtic
cabin	French
cabinet	French
cable	French
cabochon	French
caboose	West Germanic
cabriolet	French
cachectic	Latin
cachexia	Latin
cachinnate	Latin
cachinnation	Latin
cack	Latin
cacoethes	Latin
cactus	Latin
cadaver	Latin
cadaverous	Latin
cadence	French
cadet	French
cadre	French
caduceus	Latin
caducous	Latin
caecum	Latin
cafe	French
cafeteria	Romance (other)
caffeic	Latin
caffeine	West Germanic
caftan	Altaic
cage	French
cahier	French
cahoots	French
Cain	Semitic
cairn	West Germanic
Cairo	Semitic
caisson	French
caitiff	French
cajole	French
cajolery	French
cake	North Germanic
calaboose	French
Calais	Celtic
calamari	Romance (other)
calamine	French
calamitous	French
calash	French
calcareous	Latin
calcify	French
calcitrant	Latin
calculate	Latin
calculation	Latin
calculator	Latin
calculous	Latin
calculus	Latin
caldera	Romance (other)
Caleb	Semitic
calendar	French
calender	French
calf	North Germanic
calid	Latin
caliph	French
calisthenics	Latin
call	North Germanic
calla	Latin
calligraphy	Greek
calliope	Greek
callipygian	Greek
Callisto	Greek
callosal	Latin
callous	Latin
calm	French
calm	Romance (other)
calmative	French
calomel	French
Calor	Latin
caloric	French
calorie	French
calorimeter	Latin
calque	French
calumniate	Latin
calumniator	Latin
calumnious	Latin
Calvin	Latin
Calypso	Greek
cam	West Germanic
camaraderie	French
camber	French
cambium	Latin
cambric	West Germanic
camel	Latin
camellia	Latin
camelopard	Latin
cameo	French
camera	Latin
cameral	Latin
Cameron	Celtic
camisole	French
camouflage	French
camp	French
campaign	French
Campbell	Celtic
camphor	French
campus	Latin
canaille	French
canal	French
canard	French
Canberra	other
cancellation	Latin
cancer	Latin
candela	Latin
candelabrum	Latin
candescent	Latin
candid	Latin
candidate	Latin
candle	Latin
candy	French
cane	French
canicular	Latin
canid	Latin
canister	Latin
canivorous	Latin
cannibal	Romance (other)
cannula	Latin
canoe	Romance (other)
canonical	Latin
canonize	French
Canopus	Greek
canopy	French
Cantabrigian	Latin
cantata	Romance (other)
cantatrice	French
cantharides	Latin
canticle	Latin
cantina	Romance (other)
cantle	French
canto	Romance (other)
canton	French
cantonment	French
cantor	Latin
canyon	Romance (other)
capable	French
capacitate	Latin
cap-a-pie	French
caparison	French
cape	French
caper	Latin
caper	Romance (other)
capias	Latin
capiche	Romance (other)
capillarity	French
capital	French
capitalist	French
capitate	Latin
capitation	Latin
Capitol	Latin
capitulation	French
capo	Latin
capote	French
capricious	French
Capricorn	Latin
caprine	Latin
capsicum	Latin
capsid	Latin
capsize	Romance (other)
capstan	French
capsule	French
captation	French
caption	French
captious	Latin
captivation	Latin
captive	Latin
capture	French
Capuchin	French
carabineer	French
carabinieri	Romance (other)
carafe	French
caramel	French
carapace	French
caravan	French
caravel	French
carbon	Latin
carbonate	French
carboy	Iranian
carbuncular	Latin
carcinoma	Latin
card	French
cardamom	French
cardiac	French
careen	French
career	French
caress	French
caret	Latin
cargo	Romance (other)
Carib	Romance (other)
caribou	French
caricature	French
caries	Latin
carillon	French
carious	French
cark	French
carl	North Germanic
Carlovingian	French
Carmel	Latin
carminative	Latin
carnal	French
carnival	French
carnivore	French
carnivorous	Latin
carol	French
Carol	Latin
carotenoid	West Germanic
carotid	Greek
carouse	French
carp	French
carp	North Germanic
carpal	Latin
Carpathian	Greek
carpel	Latin
carpet	French
carpus	Latin
carrack	French
carrefour	French
carrel	Latin
cartel	French
Carthage	Latin
cartography	French
cartoon	French
cartouche	French
cartridge	Romance (other)
caryatid	French
Casablanca	Latin
Casanova	other
casbah	French
cascade	French
casein	French
cash	French
cashier	French
Casimir	Latin
casino	Romance (other)
cask	French
Caspian	Latin
cassate	Latin
cassation	French
cassava	French
casserole	French
Cassiopeia	Latin
cassis	French
castanet	French
caste	Romance (other)
castellated	Latin
castigation	Latin
Castor	Greek
castration	Latin
castrato	Romance (other)
casuist	French
casus belli	Latin
catabolism	Greek
catachresis	Latin
cataclasm	Latin
cataclysm	French
catacomb	West Germanic
catafalque	French
catalectic	Latin
catalepsy	Latin
cataleptic	Latin
catalysis	Latin
catalytic	Latin
catamite	Latin
catapult	French
cataract	Latin
catarrh	Latin
catastaltic	Latin
catastrophe	Latin
catchpoll	French
catechectic	Latin
catechesis	Latin
catechist	Latin
catechize	Latin
catechumen	Greek
categorical	Latin
category	French
cater	West Germanic
caterpillar	French
caterwaul	West Germanic
Cathar	Latin
catharsis	Latin
cathartic	Latin
Cathay	Latin
Catherine	French
cathexis	Latin
catholic	French
cation	Latin
catkin	West Germanic
catoblepas	Latin
catoptric	Latin
catoptromancy	Latin
Caucasus	Latin
caudate	Latin
caudillo	Romance (other)
caudle	French
cauline	Latin
caustic	Latin
cauterization	French
cauterize	French
cautery	Latin
caution	French
cavalcade	Romance (other)
cavalier	Romance (other)
cavalry	French
cave	French
caveat	West Germanic
cavern	French
cavernous	Latin
cavil	French
cavity	French
cavort	French
cay	Romance (other)
cease	French
Cecil	Latin
cede	French
cedilla	Romance (other)
ceilidh	Celtic
ceiling	West Germanic
celadon	French
celebrant	French
celebrity	French
celerity	French
celery	French
Celeste	French
celestial	French
Celia	Romance (other)
celibate	French
cell	Latin
cellular	Latin
cellulose	French
Celt-Iberian	Latin
Celtic	French
cemetery	French
cenobite	Latin
Cenozoic	Latin
censor	French
censorious	Latin
census	Latin
cent	Latin
centaur	Latin
centaury	Latin
centenary	Latin
centennial	Latin
centiliter	French
centime	French
centimeter	French
centipede	French
centriole	West Germanic
centrist	French
centrosome	West Germanic
centurial	Latin
century	Latin
cephalalgia	Latin
-cephalic	Greek
cephalic	Latin
cephalization	Latin
cephalopod	French
Cepheid	other
Cepheus	Latin
ceraceous	Latin
ceramic	Greek
cere	French
cereal	French
cerebellum	Latin
cerebral	French
cerebration	Latin
cerebrum	Latin
ceremony	French
Ceres	West Germanic
Cereus	Latin
cerise	French
cero-	Latin
ceromancy	French
certes	French
certification	Latin
certify	French
certitude	French
cerumen	Latin
cerveza	Latin
cervical	French
cervix	Latin
cesium	Latin
cessation	Latin
cession	French
cesspool	French
cestus	Latin
Cetacea	Latin
ceticide	Latin
cetyl	Latin
ch	French
chador	Iranian
chaeto-	Latin
chafe	French
chaffer	West Germanic
chagrin	French
chain	French
chair	French
chaise	French
chalazion	Latin
chalcedony	Latin
Chaldean	Greek
chalk	Latin
challah	West Germanic
challenge	French
chamber	French
chamberlain	French
chameleon	French
chamfer	French
chamois	French
chamomile	French
Chamorro	Romance (other)
champ	French
champaign	French
champerty	French
champignon	French
champion	French
chance	French
chancellor	French
chancre	French
chandlery	French
changeable	French
channel	French
chanson	French
chant	French
chanteuse	French
chanty	Latin
Chanukah	Semitic
chaos	French
chaparral	Romance (other)
chapeau	French
chapel	French
chaperon	French
chaplain	French
chaplet	French
Chaplinesque	other
chapman	West Germanic
chaps	Romance (other)
chapter	French
charabanc	French
character	French
charade	French
charcuterie	French
chard	French
Chardonnay	French
charette	French
charge d&#x27;affaires	French
charge	French
charioteer	French
charismatic	Latin
charitable	French
charity	French
charivari	French
charlatan	French
charlatanism	French
Charlemagne	French
Charles	French
charm	French
charnel	French
Charon	Latin
chart	French
charter	French
chartulary	Latin
charwoman	West Germanic
Charybdis	Latin
chase	French
chasm	Latin
chasseur	French
chassis	French
chastise	French
chasuble	French
chateau	French
chatelaine	French
Chattahoochee	other
chattel	French
Chaucerian	French
chauffeur	French
chauvinism	French
chauvinist	French
cheap	West Germanic
cheat	Latin
check	French
checker	Latin
checkmate	French
cheese	Indian
cheetah	Indian
chef	French
chelicerae	Greek
Chelsea	West Germanic
chemise	French
chemist	French
chemotherapy	West Germanic
cherchez la femme	Latin
cherish	French
Chernobyl	Slavic
chernozem	Slavic
Cherokee	other
cheroot	Romance (other)
cherub	Latin
chess	French
Chester	West Germanic
chew	West Germanic
chiaroscuro	Romance (other)
chiasmus	Greek
chiastic	Latin
chic	French
chica	Romance (other)
chicanery	French
Chicano	Romance (other)
chi-chi	French
Chickasaw	other
chickpea	French
chide	West Germanic
chiffonade	French
chigger	other
chignon	French
chiliad	Latin
chiliasm	Latin
chime	French
chimney	French
China	Indian
chink	West Germanic
chino	Romance (other)
chinos	Romance (other)
chintz	Indian
chiono-	Latin
chip	West Germanic
Chippendale	other
chiral	Latin
chiro-	Latin
chirp	West Germanic
chitin	French
chiton	Latin
chivalrous	French
chivalry	French
chlorine	Latin
chloro-	Latin
chloroform	French
chlorophyll	French
chock	French
chocolate	Romance (other)
choler	French
cholera	French
choleric	French
chondro-	Latin
chop	French
chop	West Germanic
chop-chop	East Asian
chopine	Romance (other)
choral	French
chorale	West Germanic
chord	West Germanic
chore	West Germanic
chorea	Latin
choreography	French
choreology	Latin
choric	Latin
chorion	Greek
choroid	Latin
chorus	Latin
chou	French
chouse	Altaic
chow mein	East Asian
Christ	Latin
christen	West Germanic
Christian	West Germanic
Christianity	French
chromatic	Latin
chromato-	Latin
chromium	French
chromophotography	West Germanic
chromosome	West Germanic
chronic	French
chrono-	Latin
chrysalis	Latin
chrysanthemum	Latin
chryselephantine	Latin
chuck	French
chukker	Indian
chutney	Indian
chutzpah	West Germanic
chyle	Latin
chyme	Latin
ciabatta	Romance (other)
ciao	Latin
cicerone	Romance (other)
cicisbeo	Romance (other)
cigar	Romance (other)
cilantro	Romance (other)
cilice	Latin
Cilicia	Latin
Cimmerian	Latin
cinch	Romance (other)
cincture	Latin
cine	French
cinema	French
cinematic	French
cinerary	Latin
cineration	Latin
cinquain	French
cinque	French
cipher	French
circa	Latin
circadian	Latin
circinate	Latin
circlet	French
circuit	French
circuitous	Latin
circulate	Latin
circulatory	French
circumambulate	Latin
circumcision	Latin
circumduction	Latin
circumference	Latin
circumflex	Latin
circumfluent	Latin
circumlocution	Latin
circumstance	French
circumstantiate	Latin
circumvention	Latin
circumvolve	Latin
circus	Latin
cirque	French
cirrous	Latin
cisalpine	Latin
cismontane	Latin
cist	Latin
citation	French
cite	French
citrate	French
citrine	French
citron	French
city	French
civic	Latin
civil	French
civility	French
civilize	French
clabber	Celtic
clachan	Celtic
claim	French
Claire	French
clam	West Germanic
clammy	West Germanic
clamor	French
clamorous	French
clamp	West Germanic
clan	Celtic
clandestine	Latin
clangor	Latin
clangorous	Latin
claque	French
Clara	Latin
Clarence	Latin
claret	French
clarify	French
clarinet	French
clarion	French
clarity	French
class	French
classic	French
classification	Latin
clatter	West Germanic
Claude	French
claudication	French
clause	French
claustral	French
claves	Romance (other)
clavichord	Latin
clavicle	French
clavier	French
claviger	Latin
claymore	Celtic
cleanse	West Germanic
cleat	West Germanic
cleave	West Germanic
clechy	French
cledonism	Latin
clef	French
cleft	West Germanic
clematis	Latin
clemency	Latin
clench	West Germanic
Cleon	Latin
clepe	West Germanic
clepsydra	Latin
clerihew	English 
clerisy	Latin
clerk	West Germanic
cleromancy	French
clever	West Germanic
clew	West Germanic
cliche	French
climate	French
clinic	French
clinician	French
Clio	Latin
clipper	West Germanic
clitellum	Latin
clitoris	Greek
cloak	French
cloche	French
clock	West Germanic
cloison	French
cloisonne	French
clone	Latin
close	French
closure	French
Clothilde	West Germanic
Clotho	Latin
cloture	French
clover	West Germanic
cloy	West Germanic
club	North Germanic
clump	West Germanic
clutch	West Germanic
clyster	French
Clytaemnestra	Greek
coach	French
coalesce	Latin
coast	French
coat	French
coati	Romance (other)
cobalt	West Germanic
cobra	Romance (other)
coca	Romance (other)
coccagee	Celtic
coccidiosis	Greek
coccyx	Latin
Cochin-china	French
cochineal	French
cochlea	Latin
cock	West Germanic
cockade	French
cockatoo	West Germanic
cockatrice	French
cocoon	French
cocotte	French
coda	Latin
code	French
codeine	French
codex	Latin
codicil	French
coeliac	Latin
coerce	French
coetaneous	Latin
coeval	Latin
coffer	French
coffin	French
cogent	French
cogitate	Latin
cogitation	French
cogitative	French
cognition	Latin
cohabitate	Latin
cohabitation	French
Cohen	Semitic
cohere	Latin
cohesion	French
cohort	French
coif	French
coiffeur	French
coiffure	French
coil	French
coin	French
coinage	French
coincide	Latin
coincidence	French
coit	Latin
coition	Latin
cojones	Romance (other)
colander	Latin
Colin	French
collaborator	French
collage	French
collagen	French
collar	French
collation	French
colleague	French
collect	French
collection	French
Colleen	Celtic
collegial	French
collegiate	Latin
collide	Latin
collier	West Germanic
colligate	Latin
collin	Greek
collision	Latin
collocate	Latin
colloid	French
colloquium	Latin
colloquy	Latin
collude	Latin
collusion	French
collusive	Latin
colon	Latin
colonel	French
colonial	Latin
colonnade	French
colony	Latin
colophon	Latin
colorant	French
coloration	French
coloratura	Romance (other)
colossus	Latin
colostrum	Latin
columbine	French
columnar	Latin
com-	Latin
coma	Latin
combat	French
combatant	French
combine	French
combust	Latin
combustible	French
comedo	Latin
comely	West Germanic
comestible	French
cometh	West Germanic
comfit	French
comfort	French
comity	French
comma	Latin
command	French
commandant	French
commander	French
commando	West Germanic
comme ci, comme ca	French
comme il faut	French
commemorate	Latin
commemoration	French
commence	French
commencement	French
commendable	French
commendation	French
commensal	Latin
commensurable	Latin
commensurate	Latin
comment	French
comment	Latin
commentary	Latin
commenter	Latin
commerce	French
commiserate	Latin
commiseration	French
commissar	Slavic
commissariat	French
commission	French
commit	Latin
commodious	French
commodity	French
common	French
commonality	French
commotion	French
communal	French
commune	French
communicable	French
communicant	Latin
communication	French
communicative	French
communicator	Latin
communion	French
communique	French
communism	French
communist	French
community	French
commutation	French
commutative	Latin
commute	Latin
Como	Celtic
compact	Latin
compaction	French
compadre	Romance (other)
company	French
comparable	French
comparation	Latin
comparative	French
compare	French
comparison	French
compassion	French
compatible	Latin
compatriot	French
compeer	French
compel	French
compendious	Latin
compensate	Latin
compensation	Latin
compere	French
compete	French
competence	French
competency	Latin
competent	French
competition	Latin
competitive	Latin
competitor	French
compilation	French
complacent	Latin
complaint	French
complaisant	French
complect	Latin
complement	French
complete	French
completion	Latin
completive	Latin
complex	French
complexion	French
complication	Latin
complicity	French
compline	French
comply	French
component	Latin
comport	French
compose	French
composite	French
compost	French
compote	French
compound	French
comprehensible	Latin
comprehension	French
comprehensive	French
compress	French
compression	French
comprise	French
compromise	French
compulsion	French
compulsive	French
compunction	French
computation	Latin
compute	French
comrade	French
Comstockery	other
con	French
con	West Germanic
conation	Latin
concatenate	Latin
concatenation	Latin
concave	French
concavity	French
conceal	French
concealment	French
concentric	French
concept	Latin
conceptive	Latin
concern	French
concert	French
concerto	Romance (other)
concessionaire	French
concessive	Latin
conch	Latin
concierge	French
conciliate	Latin
concinnity	Latin
concise	Latin
conclave	Romance (other)
conclude	Latin
conclusion	French
conclusive	French
concoction	Latin
concomitant	French
concord	French
concordance	French
concordant	French
concordat	French
concourse	French
concrete	Latin
concubinage	French
concubine	Latin
concupiscence	French
concupiscent	Latin
concur	Latin
concuss	Latin
condemn	French
condemnatory	Latin
condensation	Latin
condescend	French
condescension	Latin
condiment	French
condition	French
conditional	French
condolence	Latin
condom	Romance (other)
condominium	Latin
condonation	Latin
condone	Latin
condottiere	Romance (other)
conduce	Latin
conduct	Latin
conduction	French
conductor	French
conduit	French
condyle	French
cone	French
confabulation	Latin
confarreation	Latin
confect	Latin
confection	French
confer	French
conference	French
confess	French
confession	French
confessional	French
confessional	Latin
confessor	Latin
confetti	Romance (other)
confidant	French
confidence	French
confident	French
configure	Latin
confine	French
confinement	French
confirm	French
confirmation	French
confiscate	Latin
confit	French
conflagrate	Latin
conflagration	French
conflation	Latin
conflict	French
conflict	Latin
confluence	Latin
confluent	French
conform	French
conformation	Latin
conformity	French
confraternity	French
confrere	French
confront	French
confrontation	Latin
confutation	Latin
congee	French
congener	French
conger	Latin
congeries	Latin
congest	Latin
congestion	French
conglomeration	Latin
conglutinate	Latin
congratulate	Latin
congratulation	Latin
congregate	Latin
congregation	French
congressional	Latin
congruence	Latin
congruent	Latin
congruity	French
conic	Latin
conifer	Latin
conject	Latin
conjectural	Latin
conjecture	French
conjoin	French
conjugal	French
conjugate	Latin
conjunctive	Latin
conjuncture	French
conjuration	French
conjure	French
connate	Latin
connect	Latin
connive	Latin
connivence	French
connivent	Latin
connotative	Latin
connote	Latin
connubial	Latin
conquer	French
conquistador	Romance (other)
Conrad	West Germanic
consanguineous	Latin
consanguinity	French
conscience	French
conscientious	French
conscious	Latin
conscript	Latin
conscription	Latin
consecrate	Latin
consecutive	French
consensus	Latin
consent	French
consequence	French
consequent	French
conservation	Latin
conservative	French
consider	French
considerable	Latin
considerate	Latin
consideration	French
consign	French
consilience	Latin
consist	French
consistence	French
consistency	Latin
consistent	Latin
consistory	French
consolation	French
consolatory	Latin
console	French
consolidate	Latin
consomme	French
consonance	French
consonant	French
consonant	Latin
consort	French
consortium	Latin
conspirator	French
conspire	French
constant	French
Constantinople	Greek
consternate	Latin
consternation	French
constipation	Latin
constituent	Latin
constitute	Latin
constitution	French
constitutive	Latin
constrictive	Latin
construct	Latin
construction	Latin
constructive	French
constructivism	Slavic
consubstantial	Latin
consuetude	French
consulate	Latin
consult	French
consultation	Latin
consultative	Latin
consume	French
consummate	Latin
consummation	Latin
contagious	French
contain	French
contaminable	Latin
contaminate	Latin
contamination	Latin
contemn	French
contemplate	Latin
contemplative	French
contemporary	Latin
contemptible	Latin
contemptuous	Latin
contend	French
content	French
contention	French
contentious	Latin
contentment	French
contents	Latin
conterraneous	Latin
contesseration	Latin
contest	French
contestation	Latin
contex	Latin
context	Latin
contiguous	Latin
continence	French
contingent	French
continual	French
continuance	French
continuation	French
continue	French
continuity	French
continuum	Latin
contortion	French
contour	French
contra-	Latin
contraband	French
contraception	Latin
contract	French
contractile	French
contraction	French
contracture	French
contra-dance	French
contradict	Latin
contradiction	French
contradictory	Latin
contraposition	Latin
contrapposto	Romance (other)
contrariety	French
contrast	French
contravene	French
contretemps	French
contribute	Latin
contribution	French
contrite	French
contrition	French
contrive	French
controversial	Latin
controversy	French
contubernal	Latin
contumacious	Latin
contumelious	French
contumely	French
convalesce	Latin
convalescent	French
convene	French
convenience	Latin
conventicle	Latin
convention	French
converge	Latin
conversant	French
conversation	French
converse	French
converse	Latin
conversible	Latin
convertible	French
convict	Latin
convince	Latin
convive	French
convivial	Latin
convocate	Latin
convocation	French
convolute	Latin
convolution	Latin
convolve	Latin
convulse	Latin
convulsion	Latin
convulsive	French
cookie	West Germanic
coolie	Indian
coomb	West Germanic
cooperation	French
cooperative	Latin
co-opt	Latin
cooptation	Latin
coordinate	Latin
coordination	French
cope	French
Copenhagen	North Germanic
copious	Latin
copra	Romance (other)
copro-	Latin
coprolalia	French
coprophagy	Latin
Copt	Latin
copulative	Latin
copy	French
coral	French
cord	French
cordial	Latin
cordillera	Romance (other)
cordon	French
cordovan	Semitic
core	French
corgi	Celtic
coriaceous	Latin
coriander	French
corium	Latin
Cork	Celtic
cork	Romance (other)
corm	French
cormorant	French
cornea	Latin
cornel	West Germanic
cornelian	French
cornet	French
cornichon	French
cornucopia	Latin
Cornwall	West Germanic
corolla	Latin
corollary	Latin
coronal	French
coronary	Latin
coronation	Latin
coronet	French
corporal	French
corporate	Latin
corporative	Latin
corps	French
corpse	French
corpulence	French
corpulent	French
corpus	Latin
corpuscle	Latin
corral	Romance (other)
correct	French
correct	Latin
correction	French
correctional	Latin
corrective	French
Corregidor	Romance (other)
correlation	French
correspondence	Latin
correspondent	Latin
corrigendum	Latin
corrigible	French
corroborate	Latin
corrosion	French
corrosive	French
corrugate	Latin
corrugation	Latin
corrupt	French
corruptible	French
corruption	Latin
corsage	French
corsair	French
corset	French
Corsica	Greek
cortege	French
Cortes	Romance (other)
cortical	Latin
corticole	Latin
coruscate	Latin
corvee	French
corvette	French
corvine	Latin
Corydon	Latin
coryza	Latin
cosily	other
cosmetic	Latin
cosmetology	French
cosmo-	Latin
cosmogony	Latin
cosmography	Latin
cosmopolite	Latin
Cossack	Slavic
cost	French
costumier	French
cot	Indian
coterie	French
cotillion	French
cottage	French
cotton	French
cotyledon	Latin
cotyloid	Latin
couch	French
cougar	French
coulter	Latin
counsel	French
counselor	French
count	French
countenance	French
counter	French
countercharge	French
counterfeit	French
counterpane	Latin
counterpart	French
counterpoint	French
counterpoise	French
countersign	French
countess	Latin
coup d&#x27;etat	French
coup de foudre	French
coup de grace	French
coup	French
coupe	French
couple	French
couplet	French
courage	Latin
courant	French
course	French
courser	French
court	French
courteous	French
courtesan	French
courtesy	French
cousin	French
couth	West Germanic
couture	French
couturier	French
cove	West Germanic
coven	French
covert	French
coverture	French
covet	French
covetous	French
covey	French
cow	North Germanic
cow	West Germanic
cower	West Germanic
cowl	West Germanic
coxa	Latin
coy	French
coze	French
cozen	French
cradle	West Germanic
crafty	West Germanic
craik	North Germanic
cramp	French
crampon	French
cranial	Latin
cranio-	Latin
cranium	Latin
crappie	French
craps	French
crass	French
crate	Latin
cravat	French
crave	North Germanic
crayon	French
cream	French
creamery	French
creation	French
creche	French
credentials	Latin
credenza	Romance (other)
credible	Latin
credo	Latin
credulity	French
credulous	Latin
creed	Latin
creel	French
cremation	Latin
crematorium	Latin
Creole	French
crepe	French
crepitus	Latin
crepuscule	French
cretaceous	Latin
Cretan	Latin
cretin	French
cretonne	French
crevice	French
crew	French
cricket	French
crime	French
Crimea	Greek
criminality	French
criminology	Latin
crimp	West Germanic
crimson	Romance (other)
crinoid	Latin
crinoline	French
crisis	Latin
crisp	Latin
crisscross	West Germanic
criterion	Latin
critique	Greek
Croatia	Slavic
crock	West Germanic
crocodile	French
crocus	Latin
Cro-Magnon	Romance (other)
crony	Greek
crook	North Germanic
croquette	French
crotchet	French
crouch	French
crown	French
crozier	French
cru	French
crucial	French
cruciate	Latin
cruciferous	Latin
crucifix	French
crucifixion	Latin
cruciform	Latin
crucify	French
cruciverbalist	Latin
crude	Latin
crudites	French
crudity	French
cruel	French
cruelty	French
cruet	West Germanic
cruller	West Germanic
crumb	West Germanic
crusade	French
cruse	North Germanic
crush	French
crust	French
crutch	West Germanic
crux	Latin
cryo-	Latin
cryptic	Latin
crypto-	Latin
cryptography	French
cryselephantine	Greek
crystal	French
crystalline	French
crystallography	French
cteno-	Latin
cubic	French
cubicle	Latin
Cubism	French
cuckold	French
cuckoo	French
cuddle	West Germanic
cudgel	West Germanic
cuff	Latin
cuff	North Germanic
cuisine	French
cul-de-sac	French
culinary	Latin
cull	French
culminate	Latin
culmination	French
culottes	French
culpability	Latin
cultellation	Latin
cultivate	Latin
cultivation	French
cultural	Latin
cumber	French
cummerbund	Indian
cumulate	Latin
cumulative	Latin
cumulus	Latin
cun	West Germanic
cuneate	Latin
cunnilingus	Latin
cunning	West Germanic
Cupid	Latin
cupola	Romance (other)
cupule	Latin
cur	North Germanic
curare	Romance (other)
curate	Latin
curation	French
curative	French
curator	Latin
curb	French
curd	West Germanic
cure	French
Curetes	Greek
curettage	French
curette	French
curia	Latin
curiosity	French
curious	French
curlew	French
currency	Latin
current	French
curricular	Latin
currier	French
curse	Latin
cursive	French
cursor	Latin
cursory	French
curt	Latin
curvature	Latin
curve	Latin
curvity	Latin
cushy	Indian
cusp	Latin
cuspid	Latin
cuspidor	Romance (other)
custody	Latin
custom	French
cutaneous	Latin
cuticle	Latin
cutlery	French
cuttlefish	West Germanic
cwm	Celtic
cwt.	Latin
cyan	Greek
cyanosis	Greek
cyclamen	Latin
cyclo-	Latin
Cyclopean	Latin
cylinder	French
cymbal	West Germanic
Cymric	Celtic
cynanthropy	Latin
cynosure	French
Cynthia	Latin
Cyprian	Latin
Cyrus	Iranian
cyst	Latin
cystic	French
cystocele	French
cystoscopy	Latin
Cytherean	Latin
czar	Slavic
Czech	Slavic
D	Greek
dace	French
Dachau	West Germanic
dachshund	West Germanic
dactyl	Latin
dado	Romance (other)
daedal	Latin
Dago	Romance (other)
Dagon	Semitic
daguerreotype	French
dairy	West Germanic
daisy	West Germanic
dal	Indian
Dalai Lama	Altaic
dam	North Germanic
damage	French
damn	French
damnable	French
damnation	French
damp	West Germanic
dan	French
Danaid	Greek
dance	French
dandle	French
dandruff	North Germanic
Dane	North Germanic
Danube	Latin
Darfur	Semitic
Darius	Greek
Darjeeling	East Asian
dark	West Germanic
darling	West Germanic
darn	French
dart	French
dastardly	West Germanic
dative	Latin
daughter	West Germanic
David	Semitic
dead	West Germanic
deal	West Germanic
dean	French
debacle	French
debar	French
debatable	French
debate	French
debenture	Latin
debilitate	Latin
debut	French
debutant	French
decade	French
decadence	French
decadent	French
decagon	Latin
Decameron	Romance (other)
decapitation	French
decease	French
deceit	French
deceive	French
decemvir	Latin
decent	French
deception	French
deceptive	French
decide	French
deciduous	Latin
decimal	Latin
decimation	French
decision	French
decisive	Latin
deck	West Germanic
declaim	French
declamation	Latin
declarant	French
declaration	French
declarative	French
declaratory	Latin
declasse	French
decline	French
declivity	French
decoct	Latin
decoction	French
decollation	French
decollete	French
decor	French
decorate	Latin
decoration	Latin
decorative	French
decorous	Latin
decorum	Latin
decoupage	French
decouple	French
decoy	West Germanic
decree	French
decrement	Latin
decrepit	French
decrepitation	Latin
decrepitude	French
decretory	Latin
decry	French
decuple	French
dedicate	Latin
dedication	French
deduce	Latin
deduct	Latin
deduction	French
deface	French
defalcation	French
defamation	French
defamatory	French
defame	French
default	French
defeatist	French
defect	French
defection	Latin
defective	French
defenestration	Latin
defensible	French
deference	French
defiance	French
defiant	French
deficient	Latin
deficit	French
defile	French
define	French
definite	Latin
definition	French
definitive	French
deflect	Latin
deflection	Latin
deflower	French
deform	French
deformation	French
deformity	French
defraud	French
defrayal	French
defrock	French
deft	West Germanic
defunct	French
defy	French
degenerate	Latin
degeneration	French
degradation	French
degree	French
degustation	Latin
dehiscence	Latin
dehortation	Latin
deictic	Latin
deific	French
deification	Latin
Deimos	West Germanic
deipnosophist	Greek
deist	French
deity	French
deixis	Greek
deja vu	French
deject	Latin
dejection	French
delectable	French
delectation	French
delegation	French
delete	Latin
deleterious	Latin
deletion	Latin
deliberate	Latin
deliberation	French
delibrate	Latin
delicate	Latin
delicatessen	West Germanic
delicious	French
delict	Latin
deligate	Latin
delight	French
delimitation	French
delineate	Latin
delinquency	Latin
delinquent	Latin
deliquescent	Latin
delirium	Latin
deliver	French
deliverance	French
Delphi	Greek
Delphic	Latin
delta	Semitic
delude	Latin
deluge	French
delusory	Latin
demagogue	Greek
demarche	French
dement	French
dementia	Latin
demerit	French
demijohn	French
demiss	Latin
demission	French
demit	French
demiurge	Latin
democracy	French
democrat	French
democratic	French
demoiselle	French
demolish	French
demolition	French
demon	Latin
demonetization	French
demoniac	Latin
demonic	Latin
demonstrable	French
demonstrate	Latin
demonstration	French
demonstrative	French
demotic	Latin
Dempsey	Celtic
demulcent	Latin
demurrage	French
denarius	Latin
denationalize	French
dendrite	Greek
dene	West Germanic
Deneb	Semitic
denier	French
denigrate	Latin
denigration	Latin
denominate	Latin
denomination	French
denominative	Latin
denominator	Latin
denotation	Latin
denotative	Latin
denouement	French
denounce	French
dense	Latin
density	French
dental	French
dentate	Latin
dentifrice	Latin
dentiloquy	Latin
dentist	French
dentition	Latin
denture	French
denudation	Latin
denunciate	Latin
denunciation	Latin
deontology	Greek
departmental	French
depeche	French
depend	French
dependence	French
dependent	French
depletion	Latin
deployment	French
deponent	Latin
depopulate	Latin
depopulation	French
deport	French
deposit	Latin
depository	Latin
depot	French
depravation	Latin
deprecatory	Latin
depreciate	Latin
depredate	Latin
depress	French
depression	French
depressive	Latin
depressor	Latin
deprive	French
depute	French
deracinate	French
derailleur	French
derailment	French
derelict	Latin
deride	French
derision	French
derisory	Latin
derivation	French
derivative	French
derive	French
derm	Greek
dern	West Germanic
dernier	French
derogation	French
derogative	French
derogatory	Latin
derriere	French
Derry	Celtic
Des Moines	French
descry	French
desert	French
desertion	French
desi	Indian
desiccant	Latin
design	French
design	Latin
designate	Latin
designation	French
desk	Latin
desolate	Latin
desolation	French
desperate	Latin
despicable	Latin
despise	French
despite	French
despoliation	Latin
despond	Latin
despondent	Latin
despot	Latin
despotism	French
dessert	French
destination	Latin
destiny	French
destitute	Latin
destitution	French
destrier	French
destroy	French
destructible	Latin
destruction	French
desuetude	Latin
desultory	Latin
detach	French
detachment	French
detail	French
detain	French
detect	Latin
detection	Latin
detector	Latin
deter	Latin
deterge	French
detergent	Latin
deteriorate	Latin
deterioration	French
determinable	French
determinant	Latin
determinate	Latin
determinative	French
determinist	West Germanic
deterrent	Latin
detest	French
detestable	French
detestation	French
detonation	French
detract	Latin
detraction	French
detritus	Latin
detrude	Latin
Deuteronomy	Latin
deva	Indian
deviant	Latin
devil	Latin
devise	French
devoid	French
devote	Latin
devotion	French
devour	French
devout	French
dexiocardia	Greek
dexiotropic	Greek
dexter	Latin
Dexter	Latin
dexterity	French
dexterous	Latin
dextral	Latin
dey	Altaic
dhobi	Indian
dhoti	Indian
diabolic	French
diabolism	Greek
diachronic	Greek
diadem	French
diagnostic	Greek
dial	French
dialectic	French
dialectic	Latin
dialogue	French
diameter	French
diametral	French
diamond	French
dianetics	Greek
diaper	French
diaphanous	Latin
diaphony	Greek
diarrhea	French
diaspora	Greek
diatom	Latin
diatonic	French
dibble	West Germanic
dicephalous	Latin
dichotomy	Latin
dictate	Latin
dictation	Latin
dictator	French
dicte	Latin
diction	Latin
dictionary	Latin
didactic	French
die	North Germanic
diet	French
dietary	Latin
dietetic	Latin
Dietrich	West Germanic
differ	French
different	French
differential	Latin
differentiate	Latin
diffidence	Latin
diffident	Latin
diffraction	French
diffuse	Latin
diffusion	French
dig	French
digamma	Latin
digestif	French
digestive	French
dight	West Germanic
digit	Latin
digital	Latin
digitate	Latin
diglot	Greek
dignity	French
digraph	Greek
digressive	Latin
Dijon	Latin
dilapidation	Latin
dilate	French
dilatory	French
dildo	Latin
dilemma	Latin
diligence	French
diligent	French
dilute	Latin
diluvial	Latin
diluvian	Latin
diluvium	Latin
dim sum	East Asian
Dimetrodon	Latin
diminuendo	Romance (other)
dimorphous	Greek
Dinah	Semitic
dine	French
dinero	Romance (other)
dinghy	Indian
dingus	West Germanic
dinky	West Germanic
diocesan	French
diocese	French
diode	Greek
diphtheria	French
diplodocus	Greek
diploma	Latin
diplomacy	French
diplomat	French
diplomatic	Latin
diplomatist	French
dipsomania	Greek
diptych	Latin
direct	French
direct	Latin
direction	Latin
directive	Latin
directory	Latin
dirndl	West Germanic
dirt	North Germanic
Dis	Latin
disaccord	French
disaccordance	French
disaccustom	French
disadvantage	French
disagree	French
disagreeable	French
disallow	French
disappointment	French
disarm	French
disaster	French
disastrous	French
discern	French
discharge	French
disciplinable	Latin
disciplinant	Romance (other)
disciplinary	Latin
discipline	French
disclose	French
discolor	French
discomfiture	French
discomfort	French
disconcert	French
disconsolate	Latin
discontinuation	French
discontinue	French
discord	French
discordance	French
discordant	French
discount	French
discount	Latin
discountenance	French
discourage	French
discourse	French
discreet	French
discriminate	Latin
discrimination	Latin
discussion	French
disease	French
disembogue	Romance (other)
disengagement	French
disfigure	French
disgorge	French
dish	Latin
dishabille	French
dishonest	French
dishonor	French
disinfectant	French
disinformation	Slavic
disinter	French
disjuncture	Latin
disk	Latin
dislocation	French
disloyal	French
dismantle	French
dismember	French
disobedience	French
disobey	French
disorganize	French
disparagement	French
disparate	Latin
disparity	French
dispel	Latin
dispensation	French
dispense	French
disperse	Latin
dispersion	French
display	French
disposition	French
disprove	French
disputable	French
disputation	French
dispute	French
disquisition	Latin
dissect	Latin
dissemble	French
disseminate	Latin
dissemination	Latin
dissent	French
disseverance	French
dissidence	Latin
dissident	Latin
dissimilitude	Latin
dissimulation	French
dissipate	Latin
dissipation	Latin
dissociation	French
dissoluble	Latin
dissolute	Latin
dissolution	French
dissonance	French
dissuasion	French
distelfink	West Germanic
distemper	French
distend	Latin
distention	Latin
distill	French
distinction	French
distinctive	French
distingue	French
distort	Latin
distortion	Latin
distress	French
distributive	French
district	French
disturb	French
disturbance	French
disunite	Latin
ditch	West Germanic
dithyramb	Latin
ditto	Latin
ditty	French
diuresis	Greek
diuretic	French
diurnal	Latin
diva	Romance (other)
divergence	Latin
divers	French
diverse	Latin
diversify	French
diversion	Latin
diversity	French
Dives	Latin
divest	French
divine	French
diviner	French
divisible	Latin
divisor	Latin
divorce	French
divulge	Latin
dizzy	West Germanic
do	West Germanic
docent	Latin
Docetism	Greek
docile	French
docility	French
dock	West Germanic
doctor	French
doctrinal	French
doctrine	French
document	French
dodder	West Germanic
doddypoll	West Germanic
dodeca-	Latin
dodecahedron	Greek
dodo	Romance (other)
doe	West Germanic
dog days	Latin
doge	Romance (other)
dogma	Latin
dogmatic	Latin
dogmatism	French
dol	Latin
doleful	West Germanic
Dolores	Romance (other)
dolphin	French
domain	French
Domesday book	West Germanic
domestic	French
domesticate	Latin
domicile	French
dominance	French
dominical	Latin
Dominican	Latin
domitable	Latin
don	Romance (other)
donation	French
donative	Latin
done	West Germanic
donee	French
Donegal	Celtic
Donovan	Celtic
donzel	French
doom	West Germanic
dorado	Romance (other)
Dorcas	Greek
Dorchester	Latin
dore	West Germanic
Dorian	Greek
dormant	French
Dorothy	French
dorsal	French
dossier	French
double	French
doubt	French
douche	French
dough	West Germanic
doula	Greek
douse	West Germanic
dove	West Germanic
Dover	Latin
dower	French
down	North Germanic
doxology	Latin
doxy	West Germanic
drabble	West Germanic
drachma	French
Draco	Latin
drag	North Germanic
dragoman	French
dragoon	French
drain	West Germanic
drake	West Germanic
drama	Latin
dramatic	Latin
dramaturge	French
dramaturgy	French
Drambuie	Celtic
drape	French
drapery	French
drastic	Greek
draught	West Germanic
drawn	West Germanic
dray	West Germanic
dregs	North Germanic
dress	French
drift	North Germanic
drill	French
drill	West Germanic
drip	West Germanic
droit	French
dromedary	French
drone	West Germanic
droog	Slavic
drop	West Germanic
dropsy	French
drowsy	West Germanic
drub	Semitic
drug	French
druggist	French
Druid	French
drum	West Germanic
drumlin	Celtic
drupe	Latin
Druse	Semitic
dry	West Germanic
dryas	Greek
dual	Latin
dualism	French
duality	Latin
dubiety	Latin
dubitable	French
dubitation	French
Dublin	Celtic
ducat	French
duchess	French
duchy	French
duct	Latin
ductile	French
due	French
duel	Latin
duet	French
duffer	West Germanic
duffle	West Germanic
duke	French
dulcet	French
dulcimer	French
dull	West Germanic
dumbness	West Germanic
dumps	West Germanic
Duncan	Celtic
dung	West Germanic
dungeon	French
Dunkirk	West Germanic
duo	Latin
duodenary	Latin
duodenum	Latin
duplex	Latin
duplication	French
dura mater	Latin
durability	French
durable	French
duration	French
duress	French
during	French
durum	Latin
dusty	West Germanic
Dutch	West Germanic
duvet	French
dwindle	West Germanic
dyad	Latin
Dyak	East Asian
dye	West Germanic
dynamic	French
dynamism	Greek
dynamite	North Germanic
dynamo	West Germanic
dynast	Latin
dys-	Greek
dysentery	French
dyslexia	West Germanic
dyspepsia	Latin
dysphemism	Greek
eager	French
eaglet	French
Eames	West Germanic
earnest	West Germanic
Earwicker	West Germanic
ease	French
easel	West Germanic
eau	French
eave	West Germanic
eavesdropper	West Germanic
Ebionite	Latin
Eblis	Semitic
ebon	French
ebullience	Latin
ebullient	Latin
ecce homo	Latin
Ecclesiastes	Greek
ecclesiastic	French
echelon	French
echinoderm	Latin
echo	Latin
echopraxia	Greek
eclat	French
eclipse	French
ecliptic	Latin
eclogue	Latin
ecology	Greek
economist	French
economy	Latin
ecru	French
ecstasy	French
ecto-	Latin
ecu	French
ecumenical	Latin
eczema	Greek
edelweiss	West Germanic
Eden	Semitic
edible	Latin
edification	French
edify	French
edition	French
editor	Latin
educable	French
educate	Latin
educator	Latin
educe	Latin
Edward	West Germanic
Edwin	West Germanic
efface	French
effacement	French
effect	French
effect	Latin
effective	French
effectual	Latin
effectuate	French
effeminate	Latin
effendi	Altaic
efferent	Latin
effervesce	Latin
effervescence	French
effervescent	Latin
effete	Latin
efficacy	Latin
efficiency	Latin
efficient	French
effigy	French
effleurage	French
effloresce	Latin
effluence	Latin
effluent	Latin
effluvium	Latin
efflux	Latin
effort	French
effrontery	French
effulgence	Latin
effuse	French
effusion	French
egalitarian	French
Egbert	West Germanic
egest	Latin
egestion	Latin
egg	North Germanic
ego	Latin
egoism	French
egoist	French
egress	Latin
eider	West Germanic
eiderdown	North Germanic
eidetic	West Germanic
eidolon	Greek
eight	West Germanic
eighteen	West Germanic
eighteenth	West Germanic
eighth	West Germanic
Eire	Celtic
eirenic	Greek
eisegesis	Greek
Eisenhower	West Germanic
Eisteddfod	Celtic
ejaculate	Latin
ejaculation	French
ejection	French
eke	West Germanic
elaborate	Latin
eland	West Germanic
elapse	French
elastic	Latin
elasticity	French
elate	Latin
elation	French
eld	West Germanic
elder	West Germanic
eldorado	Romance (other)
Eldred	West Germanic
elect	Latin
elective	Latin
elector	Latin
electric	Latin
electrum	Latin
eleemosynary	Latin
elegance	French
elegant	French
elegiac	French
element	French
elemental	Latin
elementary	French
elephant	French
elephantiasis	Greek
elephantine	Latin
eleutherian	Greek
elevate	Latin
elevation	French
elevator	Latin
eleven	West Germanic
eleventh	West Germanic
elicit	Latin
elide	French
eligible	French
Elijah	Semitic
eliminate	Latin
elision	Latin
elite	French
elixir	Latin
Elizabeth	Latin
elk	North Germanic
Ella	West Germanic
ellipsis	Latin
elliptic	Greek
Elmo	Greek
elocution	Latin
elongate	Latin
eloquence	French
eloquent	French
Elsa	West Germanic
elsewhere	West Germanic
elucidate	Latin
elude	Latin
Elysium	Latin
elytra	Greek
em-	French
emaciate	Latin
emaculate	Latin
email	French
emanant	Latin
emanate	Latin
emancipation	French
emarginate	Latin
emasculate	Latin
embalm	French
embark	French
embarkation	French
embarras	French
embarrass	French
embattle	French
embellish	French
ember-goose	North Germanic
emblem	Latin
embolism	French
embonpoint	French
emboss	French
embouchure	French
embrace	French
embrasure	French
embrocate	Latin
embroil	French
embryo	Latin
emend	Latin
emendation	Latin
emerald	French
emerge	French
emergence	French
emersed	Latin
emery	French
emesis	Greek
emigrant	Latin
emigre	French
Emil	West Germanic
Emily	French
eminence	French
eminent	French
emir	Semitic
emissary	French
emission	French
emit	Latin
Emma	West Germanic
Emmanuel	Semitic
emmer	West Germanic
emmet	West Germanic
emollient	French
emotion	French
emotive	Latin
empanada	Romance (other)
emperor	French
emphasis	Latin
empire	Latin
empiric	Latin
emplacement	French
employ	French
employment	West Germanic
empress	French
emprise	French
emption	Latin
empyreal	Latin
emulation	French
emulator	Latin
emulgent	Latin
emulsify	Latin
emulsion	French
en-	French
en-	Greek
enamor	French
encaustic	Greek
enceinte	French
enchain	French
enchant	French
enchantment	French
encharge	French
enclave	French
enclitic	Latin
encomiast	Greek
encomium	Latin
encore	French
encounter	French
encourage	French
encroach	French
encrust	French
encumber	French
encyclical	Latin
encyclopedia	Latin
endive	French
endlong	West Germanic
endorphin	French
endorse	French
endothermic	French
endue	French
endure	French
enema	Greek
energetic	Greek
energy	French
enervation	French
enfeeble	French
enfilade	French
enforce	French
enfranchise	French
engage	French
engender	French
engineer	French
English Words of Arabic Ancestry	Latin
English	French
engorge	French
engrain	French
enharmonic	Latin
Enid	Celtic
enigma	Latin
enigmatic	Latin
enjambment	French
enlace	French
enlarge	French
ennead	Greek
ennoble	French
Enoch	Latin
enoptomancy	Greek
enormity	French
enormous	Latin
Enos	Greek
enough	West Germanic
enrich	French
enroll	French
ensample	French
ensemble	French
ensign	French
ensilage	French
ensorcell	French
ensue	French
entelechy	Latin
entente	French
enter	French
enteric	Latin
entero-	Greek
entertain	French
enthalpy	Greek
enthusiastic	Greek
entice	French
enticement	French
entitlement	French
entity	Latin
ento-	Greek
entomb	French
entomology	French
entourage	French
entrails	French
entrain	French
entrance	French
entrant	French
entrap	French
entrepot	French
entrepreneur	French
entropy	West Germanic
entry	French
enumeration	French
enunciate	Latin
enunciation	Latin
enunciative	Latin
enuresis	Greek
envelope	French
envenom	French
environ	French
environs	French
envisage	French
envy	French
enzyme	West Germanic
eolithic	French
eon	Latin
epact	French
epaulet	French
epee	French
epeiric	Greek
ephebic	Latin
ephemera	Latin
ephemeris	Greek
ephemeron	Greek
ephialtes	Greek
ephod	Semitic
ephor	Greek
epi-	Greek
epicenter	Latin
epicurean	French
epicycle	Latin
epidemiology	Greek
epidemy	French
epidermis	Latin
epididymis	Greek
epigastrium	Greek
epigone	Greek
epigram	French
epigraph	Greek
epileptic	French
epiphany	French
episcopal	French
episode	French
epistaxis	Greek
epistemic	Greek
epistle	West Germanic
epistolary	French
epistrophe	Latin
epithalamium	Latin
epitome	French
epizootic	French
epode	Latin
equability	Latin
equal	Latin
equality	French
equanimity	French
equanimous	Latin
equator	Latin
equestrian	Latin
equidistant	French
equilateral	Latin
equilibrium	Latin
equine	Latin
equinox	French
equip	French
equipage	French
equiparation	Latin
equitable	French
equity	French
equivalence	French
equivalent	French
equivocation	French
equivocator	Latin
equus	West Germanic
era	Latin
eradicate	Latin
eradication	Latin
erase	Latin
Erastus	Greek
Erato	Greek
ere	West Germanic
Erebus	Latin
Erechtheus	Latin
erect	Latin
erectile	French
erg	French
erg	Greek
ergative	Greek
ergonomics	Greek
ergophobia	Greek
ergot	French
Eric	North Germanic
Erica	Greek
Erie	French
Erin	West Germanic
Eris	Greek
Ermentrude	West Germanic
ermine	French
erne	West Germanic
Ernest	French
erogenous	Greek
Eros	Greek
erotic	French
err	French
erratic	French
erratum	Latin
erroneous	French
eructate	Latin
eructation	Latin
erudite	Latin
erudition	Latin
erupt	Latin
eruption	French
eruptive	French
-ery	West Germanic
erysipelas	Greek
erythema	Greek
erythro-	Greek
escadrille	French
escallop	French
escargot	French
escarole	French
escarpment	French
-escence	Latin
-escent	Latin
eschew	French
esclavage	French
escort	French
esculent	Latin
escutcheon	French
-ese	French
esker	Celtic
Eskimo	North Germanic
eso-	Greek
esophagus	Greek
esoteric	Greek
esoterica	Latin
espalier	French
especial	French
esplanade	French
espousal	French
espouse	French
espresso	Romance (other)
-esque	French
esquire	French
-ess	French
essay	French
essence	Latin
essential	Latin
esteem	French
Estella	Latin
Esther	Greek
estimation	French
estimator	Latin
estivate	Latin
estrange	French
estrus	Latin
et cetera	Latin
-et	French
eta	Semitic
etagere	French
etch	West Germanic
eternal	French
eternity	French
Ethan	Semitic
ether	French
ethic	French
Ethiop	Latin
Ethiopia	Greek
ethnarch	Latin
ethnic	Latin
ethnography	West Germanic
ethology	Latin
ethos	Greek
ethyl	West Germanic
-etic	Greek
etiolate	French
etiology	Latin
Etna	Latin
Etruscan	Latin
-ette	French
etude	French
etui	French
etymologicon	Latin
etymology	French
etymon	Greek
eu-	Greek
Eucharist	French
eudaemonic	Greek
eugenics	Greek
eukaryotic	French
eulogy	Latin
Eumenides	Greek
Eunice	Latin
eunuch	French
eupeptic	Greek
euphony	French
euphoria	Greek
Euphrosyne	Greek
Europe	Greek
European	French
Eurydice	Latin
eurypterid	Greek
Eustace	French
Euterpe	Greek
Euxine	Latin
evacuate	Latin
evacuee	French
evagation	French
evaluation	French
Evan	Celtic
evanescent	French
evangel	French
Evangeline	French
evangelist	French
evaporate	Latin
evaporation	French
evasion	French
evasive	French
eve	West Germanic
evection	Latin
Evelyn	West Germanic
eventual	French
evermore	West Germanic
evert	Latin
everywhere	West Germanic
evict	Latin
evident	French
evince	French
eviscerate	Latin
evitable	Latin
evolution	Latin
evolve	Latin
ex-	Latin
exaction	French
exactitude	French
exaggerate	Latin
exaggeration	Latin
exalt	French
exaltation	French
examination	French
examine	French
example	French
exanimate	Latin
exarch	Latin
exasperation	Latin
Excalibur	French
excavate	Latin
excel	Latin
excellent	French
except	French
excess	French
excessive	French
excise	French
excise	West Germanic
excision	French
excitable	Latin
excitation	French
excite	French
exclamation	French
exclamatory	Latin
exclude	Latin
exclusive	Latin
excommunicate	Latin
excommunication	Latin
excoriation	Latin
excrescence	Latin
excrescent	Latin
excrete	Latin
excretion	French
excruciate	Latin
excusable	French
excusatory	French
excuse	French
execrable	French
execration	Latin
execute	French
executive	French
exegete	Greek
exemplify	Latin
exempt	French
exemption	French
exercise	French
Exeter	Latin
exfoliate	Latin
exfoliation	Latin
exhalation	Latin
exhale	French
exhaust	Latin
exhibit	Latin
exhibitor	Latin
exhilaration	Latin
exhort	French
exhumation	Latin
exigence	French
exigency	French
exile	French
exist	French
existential	Latin
existentialism	West Germanic
existentialist	French
exit	Latin
Exocet	French
exorcism	Latin
exoteric	Latin
expanse	Latin
expansion	French
expatriation	French
expect	Latin
expectancy	Latin
expectant	French
expectation	French
expectorant	Latin
expedience	French
expedient	French
expedition	French
expeditious	Latin
expenditure	Latin
experience	French
experiential	Latin
experiment	French
expert	French
expertise	French
expiate	Latin
expiation	Latin
expiatory	Latin
expiration	French
expire	French
explain	Latin
explanation	Latin
expletive	French
expletive	Latin
explicate	Latin
explication	French
explicative	Latin
explicit	French
exploitation	French
exploitative	French
exploratory	Latin
explosion	French
explosive	Latin
exponent	Latin
expose	French
exposition	French
expostulation	Latin
expound	French
express	French
expression	French
expressive	French
exprobration	Latin
expropriation	Latin
expugn	French
expunction	Latin
expunge	Latin
exquisite	Latin
exsanguinate	Latin
extant	Latin
extempore	Latin
extensible	French
extension	Latin
extensive	Latin
extensor	Latin
extenuate	Latin
exterminate	Latin
extern	French
external	French
extinction	Latin
extinguish	Latin
extirpate	Latin
extirpation	Latin
extol	Latin
extract	Latin
extradition	French
extraneous	Latin
extraordinaire	French
extraordinary	Latin
extravagance	French
extravagant	Latin
extravaganza	Romance (other)
extravasation	Latin
extraversion	Latin
extrovert	West Germanic
exuberance	French
exuberant	French
exudation	Latin
exultant	Latin
exultation	French
eye	West Germanic
eyelet	French
Faberge	other
fable	French
fabric	French
fabricate	Latin
fabrication	French
fabulist	French
fabulous	Latin
facade	French
face	French
facet	French
facial	French
facilitate	French
facility	French
facinorous	Latin
facsimile	Latin
fact	Latin
faction	French
factious	French
factitive	Latin
factory	French
factotum	Latin
faculty	French
fade	French
fado	Latin
faerie	French
fag	other
faggot	French
fagus	Latin
faience	French
fail	French
faineant	French
faint	French
fajitas	Romance (other)
fake	West Germanic
falafel	Semitic
Falangist	Romance (other)
falchion	French
falcon	French
falconry	French
fallacy	Latin
fallibility	Latin
fallible	Latin
Fallopian	Latin
fallow	West Germanic
falsetto	Romance (other)
falsification	Latin
falsify	French
falsity	French
familial	French
familiarity	French
family	Latin
fan	Latin
fantastic	French
fantasy	French
far	West Germanic
farce	French
fardel	French
farewell	West Germanic
farina	Latin
farm	French
farrago	Latin
Farrell	Celtic
farrier	French
fart	West Germanic
farthing	West Germanic
fasces	Latin
fascia	Latin
fascicle	Latin
fascinate	French
fascination	Latin
fascine	French
fascist	Romance (other)
fashion	French
fastly	West Germanic
fate	French
fatuous	Latin
fatwa	Semitic
faubourg	French
fauces	Latin
faucet	French
fault	French
faun	Latin
fauna	Latin
Fauvist	French
fava	Romance (other)
Favonius	Latin
favor	French
favorable	French
favorite	French
favous	Latin
fay	French
Fay	West Germanic
faze	West Germanic
feal	North Germanic
feast	French
febrifuge	French
feces	Latin
feculent	French
fecund	French
fecundity	Latin
federal	French
federalism	French
federation	French
feeble	French
feign	West Germanic
feint	French
feint	West Germanic
Felicia	Latin
felicide	Latin
felicitate	Latin
felicity	French
feline	Latin
Felix	Latin
fell	French
fell	North Germanic
fellah	Semitic
fellatio	Latin
felony	French
felt	West Germanic
female	French
feme covert	French
feminine	French
feminism	French
feminist	French
feminity	French
femme fatale	French
femme	French
femoral	Latin
femur	Latin
fenestral	French
fennel	Latin
fenugreek	Latin
Fergus	Celtic
ferial	French
ferine	Latin
Feringhee	Iranian
ferment	French
ferocious	Latin
ferocity	French
ferret	French
ferrite	Latin
fertile	French
ferule	West Germanic
fervent	French
fervid	Latin
Fescennine	Latin
fescue	French
festival	French
festive	Latin
festoon	French
festschrift	West Germanic
fetch	West Germanic
fete	French
fetial	Latin
fetid	Latin
fetish	Romance (other)
fetter	West Germanic
fetus	Latin
feuillemorte	French
feuilleton	French
fewmet	French
fey	West Germanic
fiancee	French
fianchetto	French
fiasco	Romance (other)
fiat	Latin
fiber	Latin
fibrin	Latin
fibromyalgia	Latin
fibrosis	Latin
fibrous	Latin
fibula	Latin
fiche	French
fichu	French
fickle	West Germanic
fictitious	Latin
fictive	French
fiddle	West Germanic
fideism	Latin
fidelity	French
fiducial	Latin
fiduciary	Latin
fie	French
fieri facias	Latin
fiery	West Germanic
fife	West Germanic
fifth	West Germanic
figurante	French
figurative	French
figure	French
figurine	French
filament	Latin
file	French
file	West Germanic
filiation	French
filicide	Latin
filipendulous	Latin
fill	West Germanic
fillet	French
film	West Germanic
filter	French
filtration	French
fimbria	Latin
fin de siecle	French
final	French
finality	French
finance	French
fine	French
finesse	French
finish	French
fink	West Germanic
Finn	North Germanic
fir	North Germanic
Firbolgs	Celtic
firkin	West Germanic
firm	French
firmament	French
firn	West Germanic
firth	North Germanic
fiscal	French
fissile	Latin
fission	Latin
fist	West Germanic
fistula	Latin
fitz	French
fix	French
fixation	Latin
fjord	North Germanic
flaccid	French
flag	North Germanic
flagellant	Latin
flagellate	Latin
flagellation	French
flagellum	Latin
flageolet	French
flagitious	French
flagon	French
flagrance	French
flagrant	Latin
flair	French
flak	West Germanic
flake	West Germanic
flambe	French
flamboyant	French
flamen	Latin
flamenco	Romance (other)
flan	French
flaneur	French
flank	French
flash	West Germanic
flask	Latin
flat	North Germanic
flat	West Germanic
flatter	French
flatulence	French
flatulent	French
flatus	Latin
flautist	Romance (other)
Flavius	Latin
flavor	French
flaw	North Germanic
fledge	West Germanic
fleece	West Germanic
flense	North Germanic
fleuron	French
flexible	French
flexure	Latin
flinch	French
flitch	West Germanic
flite	West Germanic
flocculent	Latin
flock	French
floe	North Germanic
floral	French
Florence	Latin
Florentine	Latin
florescence	Latin
florescent	Latin
floret	French
floricide	Latin
floriculture	Latin
florid	French
Florida	Romance (other)
florin	French
florulent	Latin
floss	French
flotilla	Romance (other)
flourish	French
flower	French
flown	West Germanic
fluctuant	Latin
fluctuate	Latin
fluctuation	French
flue	French
fluent	Latin
fluff	West Germanic
fluid	French
fluidity	French
fluor	Latin
flute	French
flutist	French
fluvial	Latin
flying	West Germanic
Flynn	Celtic
foam	West Germanic
focaccia	Romance (other)
focal	Latin
focus	Latin
fog	West Germanic
Fogarty	Celtic
foible	French
foie-gras	Latin
foil	French
foist	West Germanic
foliage	French
foliate	Latin
foliation	Latin
folic	Latin
folio	Latin
follicle	Latin
folly	French
foment	French
fomentation	Latin
fondant	French
fondue	French
font	French
fontanelle	French
food	West Germanic
fool	French
forage	French
forager	French
foramen	Latin
foraminous	Latin
forb	Greek
force	French
forcible	French
forecastle	West Germanic
forestall	West Germanic
forester	French
forfeit	French
forfeiture	French
forge	French
forlorn	West Germanic
formal	French
format	Latin
formation	French
formative	French
former	West Germanic
formic	Latin
Formica	Latin
formicant	Latin
formication	Latin
formidable	French
Formosa	Romance (other)
formula	Latin
formular	Latin
formulary	French
fornicate	Latin
fornication	French
fornix	Latin
forte	French
forte	Romance (other)
forthcoming	West Germanic
fortieth	West Germanic
fortification	French
fortify	French
fortissimo	Romance (other)
fortitude	French
fortitudinous	Latin
fortnight	West Germanic
fortunate	Latin
forty	West Germanic
fossil	French
found	French
foundation	French
founder	French
foundry	French
fourchette	French
four-footed	West Germanic
fourteen	West Germanic
fourteenth	West Germanic
fourth	West Germanic
foyer	French
fractal	French
fracture	French
fragility	French
fragment	Latin
fragrance	French
fragrant	Latin
frailty	French
fraktur	West Germanic
framboise	French
franc	French
France	French
franchise	French
Francis	French
francium	Latin
frangible	French
frank	French
frankfurter	West Germanic
frap	French
frappe	French
fratricide	Latin
frau	West Germanic
fraud	French
fraudulent	French
fraulein	West Germanic
fray	French
freak	West Germanic
French	West Germanic
frenetic	French
frenum	Latin
frenzy	French
frequence	French
frequent	French
frequentative	French
fresco	Romance (other)
fresh	West Germanic
fret	French
Frey	North Germanic
Freya	North Germanic
friar	French
fricassee	French
fricative	Latin
friction	French
frieze	French
frigate	French
fright	West Germanic
frigid	Latin
frigidity	French
frigorific	French
frijoles	Romance (other)
frippery	French
frisk	West Germanic
frisson	French
frit	Romance (other)
frittata	Romance (other)
frivolity	French
frivolous	Latin
fro	North Germanic
frog	Romance (other)
fromage	French
frond	Latin
Fronde	French
frons	Latin
front	French
frontal	Latin
frontier	French
frontispiece	French
frontlet	French
frottage	French
frounce	French
frow	West Germanic
frown	French
fructify	French
fructose	Latin
frugal	French
frugality	French
frugivorous	Latin
fruit	French
fruition	French
frumentaceous	Latin
frustrate	Latin
frustration	Latin
frustum	Latin
fry	French
fucus	Latin
fuddle	West Germanic
fuel	French
fugue	Romance (other)
fulcrum	Latin
fulgent	Latin
full	French
full	West Germanic
fuller	Latin
fulminant	French
fulminate	Latin
fulmination	French
fumble	North Germanic
fume	French
fumigation	Latin
funambulist	Latin
function	French
fund	French
fundament	French
fundamental	Latin
funerary	Latin
fungal	Latin
fungible	Latin
fungus	Latin
funnel	French
furbelow	French
furbish	French
furious	French
furl	French
furlong	West Germanic
furlough	West Germanic
furnish	French
furniture	French
furor	French
furrier	French
furrow	West Germanic
furuncle	Latin
fury	French
fuscous	Latin
fuselage	French
fusil	French
fusilier	French
fusillade	French
fusion	French
fuss	North Germanic
fustian	French
futile	French
future	French
futurism	Romance (other)
gad	North Germanic
Gael	Celtic
gaffe	French
gaga	French
gage	French
gaggle	North Germanic
Gaia	Greek
gaiety	French
gaily	West Germanic
gaiter	French
gala	French
galaxy	French
Galbraith	Celtic
galena	Latin
Galicia	Baltic
Galilee	Latin
gall	Latin
Gallagher	Celtic
gallant	French
gallantry	French
galleon	French
gallery	French
galley	French
gallimaufry	French
gallinicide	Latin
gallinivorous	Latin
galliot	French
gallon	French
galore	Celtic
galvanization	French
galvanize	French
Gamaliel	Greek
gambit	Romance (other)
gambol	French
game	West Germanic
gamelan	other
gamin	French
gamma	Greek
gammon	French
gams	West Germanic
ganch	French
gangling	West Germanic
gangrene	Latin
gantlet	North Germanic
Ganymede	Greek
gap	North Germanic
garage	French
garbanzo	Romance (other)
garcon	French
garden	French
gardener	French
garderobe	French
gargle	French
gargoyle	French
garland	French
garlic	West Germanic
garment	French
garner	French
garnet	French
garnish	French
garrison	French
garrote	Romance (other)
garrulity	French
garrulous	Latin
garter	French
garth	North Germanic
Gary	North Germanic
gas	West Germanic
Gascon	French
gasconade	French
gash	West Germanic
gastric	Latin
gastrocnemius	Latin
gastrolith	West Germanic
gastronome	French
gastronomic	French
gastronomy	French
gastropod	Latin
gateau	French
gau	West Germanic
gaucherie	French
gaucho	Romance (other)
gaud	Latin
gauge	French
Gaul	French
gauntlet	French
Gautama	Indian
gauze	French
gavage	French
gavel	West Germanic
gavotte	French
gay	French
Gaylord	French
gazette	French
gear	North Germanic
geek	West Germanic
gehenna	Latin
geist	West Germanic
gelatine	French
geld	Latin
geld	North Germanic
gelding	North Germanic
gelid	Latin
gelt	West Germanic
gem	French
gematria	Semitic
gemeinschaft	West Germanic
geminate	Latin
gemination	Latin
genealogy	French
generable	Latin
general	French
generalissimo	Romance (other)
generation	French
generator	Latin
generic	Latin
generosity	Latin
genesis	Latin
genet	French
genetic	Greek
Geneva	Latin
genial	Latin
geniality	Latin
geniculate	Latin
genie	French
genital	Latin
genitalia	Latin
genitive	French
Genoa	Latin
genocide	Greek
genotype	West Germanic
genteel	French
gentian	French
gentile	Latin
gentle	French
genuine	Latin
geodesy	Latin
geographic	French
geographical	Latin
geology	Latin
geometer	Latin
geometrical	Latin
geometry	French
George	French
Georgia	Semitic
georgic	Latin
Gerald	French
Gerard	French
geratology	Greek
gerbil	French
geriatric	Latin
germ	French
german	French
German	Latin
Germanic	Latin
germanium	Latin
Germany	Latin
germinal	Latin
germination	Latin
gerund	Latin
gerundive	Latin
Gervais	West Germanic
gesellschaft	West Germanic
gest	French
Gestalt	West Germanic
Gestapo	West Germanic
gesticulate	Latin
gesticulation	Latin
gesture	Latin
gesundheit	West Germanic
get	North Germanic
Gethsemane	Greek
geyser	North Germanic
ghastly	West Germanic
ghazi	Semitic
Ghent	Celtic
Ghibelline	Romance (other)
ghoul	Semitic
giaour	Altaic
gibbet	French
gibbon	French
gibbous	Latin
giclee	French
Gideon	Semitic
gig	North Germanic
gigantic	Latin
gigantism	Latin
gigolo	French
Gilbert	French
Giles	French
gill	French
Gillian	French
gillyflower	French
gilt	West Germanic
gimbal	French
gimcrack	French
ginger	West Germanic
gingerbread	French
gingerly	French
ginkgo	East Asian
Gioconda	Romance (other)
giraffe	Romance (other)
girandole	French
girasole	Romance (other)
girdle	West Germanic
girth	North Germanic
Gitano	Romance (other)
gittern	French
Giza	Semitic
glabella	West Germanic
glabrous	Latin
glace	French
glacial	French
glaciate	Latin
glacier	French
glaciology	Latin
glacis	French
gladden	West Germanic
glade	West Germanic
gladiolus	Latin
Glagolitic	Slavic
glair	French
glaive	French
glance	French
gland	French
glanders	French
glandular	French
glans	Latin
glasnost	Slavic
glaucoma	Latin
glaucous	Latin
glean	French
gleek	French
gleet	French
glib	West Germanic
glimpse	West Germanic
glioma	Greek
glissade	French
glitch	West Germanic
glitzy	West Germanic
globate	Latin
globular	French
globule	French
glom	West Germanic
glomeration	Latin
gloria	Latin
glorification	Latin
glorify	French
glory hole	North Germanic
glory	French
gloss	Latin
glossary	Latin
glossator	Latin
glossolalia	Greek
glottis	Greek
Gloucester	Latin
gluco-	Greek
glut	French
gluteus	Latin
glutin	French
glutinous	Latin
gluttony	French
glycerin	French
glyco-	Latin
glycogen	French
glyph	French
gnarled	West Germanic
gnash	North Germanic
gnatho-	Greek
gneiss	West Germanic
gnocchi	Romance (other)
gnome	French
gnome	Greek
gnomic	French
gnomon	Latin
gnostic	Greek
gnu	West Germanic
go	West Germanic
gob	Celtic
gobbet	French
Gobi	Altaic
goblet	French
goblin	French
goby	Latin
Godfrey	French
godsend	West Germanic
gofer	French
goggle	West Germanic
Goidelic	Celtic
goiter	French
goliath	Latin
gondolier	French
Gondwana	Indian
gonfalon	French
goniometer	Greek
gono-	Greek
gonoph	Semitic
gopher	French
gore	West Germanic
gorge	French
gorget	French
gorgon	Greek
gorilla	Greek
gosling	North Germanic
Goth	Latin
Gothic	Latin
Gotterdammerung	West Germanic
gouache	French
gouge	French
goulash	Uralic
gourmand	French
gout	French
govern	French
governance	French
governess	French
government	French
governor	French
gow	East Asian
gowk	North Germanic
gown	French
goy	Semitic
grab	West Germanic
grabble	West Germanic
grace	French
gracile	Latin
gracious	French
gradation	French
grade	French
gradual	Latin
graduand	Latin
graduate	Latin
Gradus ad Parnassum	Latin
Grady	Celtic
graffiti	Romance (other)
graft	French
graft	other
grail	French
grain	French
gram	French
gramineous	Latin
grammar	French
grammarian	French
grammatical	French
grammatolatry	Latin
gramophone	Greek
grampus	West Germanic
Granada	Latin
granary	Latin
grand mal	French
Grand Marnier	French
grandee	Romance (other)
grandeur	French
grandiloquence	Latin
grandiosity	French
granger	French
granite	French
granola	Romance (other)
grant	French
granular	Latin
granulation	Latin
granule	French
granuloma	Latin
grape	French
graphite	West Germanic
graphology	French
graphomania	Greek
grapple	French
grasp	West Germanic
grate	French
grater	French
gratification	French
gratify	Latin
gratin	French
gratis	Latin
gratitude	French
gratuity	French
gratulate	Latin
gravamen	Latin
grave	French
Graves&#x27; disease	North Germanic
gravid	Latin
gravigrade	Latin
gravimeter	French
gravitate	Latin
gravitation	Latin
gravity	French
gravy	French
great	West Germanic
greave	French
grebe	French
Grecian	French
Greece	Latin
Greek	Latin
greet	West Germanic
gregarious	Latin
Gregorian	Latin
Gregory	Greek
Grenoble	Latin
grew	West Germanic
griffin	French
Griffith	Celtic
grill	French
grime	West Germanic
grimoire	French
grin	West Germanic
griot	French
grip	West Germanic
gripe	West Germanic
grisaille	French
groat	West Germanic
grocer	Latin
grocery	French
groin	West Germanic
groschen	West Germanic
gross	French
grotto	Romance (other)
grotty	West Germanic
group	French
grouper	Romance (other)
growl	West Germanic
grubelsucht	West Germanic
gruel	French
gruff	West Germanic
grumble	French
grunion	Romance (other)
grutch	French
guacamole	Romance (other)
Guadalcanal	Semitic
guano	Romance (other)
guard	French
guava	Romance (other)
gubernatorial	Latin
gudgeon	French
Guelph	Romance (other)
guerdon	French
guerrilla	Romance (other)
Guinevere	Celtic
guise	French
guitar	French
Gujarati	Indian
gulag	Slavic
gules	French
gulf	French
Gulliver	French
gulp	West Germanic
gumption	North Germanic
gung ho	East Asian
gurges	Latin
gurgitation	Latin
gurgle	Latin
gurnard	French
guru	Indian
gusset	French
gust	North Germanic
gustation	Latin
gustatory	Latin
guttural	French
guy	French
gymkhana	Indian
gymnasium	Latin
gymnastic	Latin
gymno-	Greek
gymnosperm	French
gynarchy	Greek
gyneco-	Latin
gyre	French
gyrfalcon	French
gyro-	Greek
gyroscope	Greek
gyrus	Latin
habiliment	French
habilitate	Latin
habit	French
habitant	French
habitation	French
habitual	Latin
habituate	Latin
habituation	Latin
habitue	French
had	West Germanic
hadron	Greek
hafiz	Iranian
hag	West Germanic
haggard	French
haggis	French
hail	North Germanic
hake	West Germanic
Hakeem	Semitic
Hakenkreuz	West Germanic
halberd	French
halcyon	Latin
hale	French
halieutic	Latin
halitosis	Latin
hallelujah	Latin
hallows	West Germanic
hallucinate	Latin
hallucination	Latin
hallux	Latin
halo-	Greek
halo	Latin
halt	French
halt	West Germanic
hamadryad	Greek
hamartiology	Greek
hamlet	French
hammock	Romance (other)
hamper	French
Hampshire	West Germanic
hamster	West Germanic
handfast	West Germanic
handiwork	West Germanic
hangar	French
hanker	West Germanic
Hanoi	East Asian
Hanse	West Germanic
hap	North Germanic
haplo-	Greek
Hapsburg	West Germanic
haptic	Greek
harangue	French
harass	French
harbinger	French
harbor	West Germanic
hardy	French
harem	Altaic
Harleian	Latin
Harlem	West Germanic
harlequin	French
harlot	French
harmonic	Latin
harmonious	French
harmonium	French
harmonize	French
harmony	French
harpist	West Germanic
harpoon	French
harpsichord	French
harpy	French
harridan	French
harrier	West Germanic
harrow	West Germanic
hart	West Germanic
haruspex	Latin
Harvey	French
hasenpfeffer	West Germanic
hash	French
Hasidim	Semitic
hast	West Germanic
hatch	French
hatha-yoga	Indian
Hathor	Greek
hauberk	French
haunch	French
haunt	French
hausfrau	West Germanic
haversack	French
hawk	West Germanic
hawse	West Germanic
Hayward	West Germanic
hazard	French
heap	West Germanic
hearse	French
heather	West Germanic
hebdomad	Latin
hebdomadal	Latin
Hebe	Greek
hebephrenia	Greek
hebetate	Latin
hebetude	Latin
Hebrew	French
Hecate	Latin
hecatomb	Latin
hectare	French
hectic	French
Hecuba	Greek
hedonic	Greek
hedonism	Greek
hedonist	West Germanic
Hedwig	West Germanic
heed	West Germanic
heel	West Germanic
hegemon	Greek
hegemonic	Latin
hegemony	Greek
heinous	French
Helen	French
Helga	North Germanic
helical	Latin
helio-	Greek
helium	Greek
helix	Latin
Hellene	Greek
Hellenic	Greek
heller	West Germanic
hellfire	West Germanic
helm	West Germanic
helmet	French
helot	Greek
hematite	French
hemato-	Greek
hemi-	Latin
hemistich	French
hemo-	Greek
hemoglobin	Greek
hemorrhage	Latin
hemorrhoids	French
hen	West Germanic
hendeca-	Latin
hendiadys	Latin
Henrietta	French
Henry	French
heortology	Greek
heparin	Greek
hepatitis	Greek
Hephaestus	Latin
Hephzibah	Semitic
hepta-	Greek
heptagon	French
heptarchy	Latin
Hera	Greek
heraldic	Latin
heraldry	French
herbaceous	Latin
herbage	French
herbal	Latin
Herbert	French
herbivore	Latin
Hercules	Latin
herdsman	West Germanic
hereditary	Latin
heredity	French
heresiarch	Latin
heretical	French
heritable	French
heritage	French
herm	Latin
Herman	West Germanic
hermaphrodism	French
hermaphrodite	Latin
hermeneutic	Latin
Hermes	Greek
hermetic	Latin
hermit	French
hermitage	French
hernia	Latin
hernial	Latin
hero	French
heroin	West Germanic
heroine	Latin
heroism	French
heron	French
herpes	Latin
herpetic	Greek
Herr	West Germanic
herring	West Germanic
Herzegovina	Slavic
hesitancy	Latin
hesitation	French
Hesperus	Latin
Hessian	Latin
hessonite	French
Hestia	Greek
hetaera	Latin
heteroclite	French
heterodoxy	Greek
heterogeneous	Latin
hetman	Slavic
heuristic	Greek
hex	West Germanic
hexagon	Latin
hexameter	Latin
hexane	Greek
hexapod	Latin
hexiology	Greek
Hezbollah	Iranian
Hezekiah	Semitic
hiatus	Latin
hibernacle	Latin
hibernation	Latin
Hibernia	Celtic
hibiscus	Latin
hiccups	West Germanic
hidalgo	Romance (other)
hiemal	Latin
hierarch	Latin
hierarchic	Latin
hierarchy	French
hieroglyphic	Latin
hieroglyphics	Greek
hierophant	Latin
highboy	French
hilarious	Latin
hilarity	Latin
Hilary	Latin
Hindu	Iranian
hip	West Germanic
hippo-	Greek
hippocampus	Latin
Hippocrene	Greek
hippocrepian	Latin
hippodrome	French
hippogriff	French
Hippolytus	Greek
hiragana	East Asian
hircine	Latin
Hiroshima	East Asian
hirsute	Latin
histidine	West Germanic
histo-	Greek
historian	French
historico-	Latin
history	French
histrionic	French
hithe	West Germanic
Hittite	Semitic
hoarse	West Germanic
hock	West Germanic
hod	French
hodgepodge	French
hoe	French
Hogen-Mogen	West Germanic
hoi polloi	Greek
hoist	West Germanic
Holland	West Germanic
hollandaise	French
hollow	West Germanic
holm	North Germanic
holo-	Greek
Holocene	French
hologram	Greek
holster	West Germanic
homage	French
homely	West Germanic
homeo-	Greek
homeopathy	West Germanic
Homer	Latin
homeward	West Germanic
homicide	French
homiletic	Latin
hominid	Latin
hominoid	Latin
homo-	Greek
homoiousian	Greek
homologous	Latin
homonym	French
homonymous	Latin
homophony	French
homosexual	West Germanic
homunculus	Latin
honcho	East Asian
honesty	French
honey	West Germanic
honeysuckle	West Germanic
Hong Kong	East Asian
Honolulu	other
honor	French
honorarium	Latin
honorific	French
hookah	Semitic
hooky	West Germanic
hoopla	French
hoopoe	Latin
hop	East Asian
hop	West Germanic
Hopi	other
hoplite	Greek
hore	West Germanic
horizon	French
horologer	Greek
horology	Greek
horometry	Greek
horoscope	French
horrible	French
horrid	Latin
horrific	French
horripilation	Latin
horror	French
horst	West Germanic
hortative	Latin
hortatory	French
Hortense	Latin
Horus	Latin
hosanna	Semitic
Hosea	Semitic
hospitable	French
hospital	French
hospitality	French
hospodar	Slavic
host	French
host	Latin
hostage	French
hostel	French
hostile	French
hostility	French
hotel	French
hour	French
houri	French
housing	French
Howard	French
howdah	Iranian
howitzer	other
hubbub	Celtic
hubristic	Greek
huckleberry	West Germanic
huckster	West Germanic
hug	North Germanic
Huguenot	French
hulk	West Germanic
human	French
humanist	French
humanity	French
humble	French
humero-	Latin
humerus	Latin
humid	French
humiliation	French
hummus	Altaic
humor	French
humoral	French
hump	West Germanic
Humphrey	West Germanic
humus	Latin
Hungary	Latin
hungry	West Germanic
hunk	West Germanic
Hunker	other
hurst	West Germanic
hurt	French
husk	West Germanic
hustings	North Germanic
hut	French
hutch	French
Hyades	Greek
hyaline	Latin
hyalo-	Greek
hybrid	Latin
hydra	Greek
hydrargyrum	Latin
hydrate	French
hydro-	Greek
hydrocephalus	Greek
hydrogen	French
hydrophobia	Latin
hydroxide	French
hyena	French
hyetal	Greek
hyeto-	Greek
hygiene	French
hygienic	French
hygro-	Greek
hygrology	French
hygrometer	French
Hyksos	Greek
hymen	French
hymeneal	Greek
hymeno-	Greek
hymn	French
hymnal	Latin
hyoid	French
hyper-	Greek
hyperaphia	West Germanic
hyperbaton	Greek
hyperbola	Latin
hyperbole	Latin
hyperplasia	Latin
hyphen	Latin
hypnagogic	French
hypno-	Greek
hypnobate	French
hypnotic	French
hypo-	Greek
hypocaust	Latin
hypochondriac	French
hypocoristic	Greek
hypocrisy	French
hypocrite	French
hypocritic	Greek
hypogastrium	Latin
hypogean	Greek
hypoglycemia	Latin
hypotenuse	Latin
hypothesis	French
hypsi-	Greek
Hyrcania	Greek
hysterectomy	Greek
hysteresis	Greek
hysteria	Greek
hysteric	Latin
hysterical	Latin
iamb	French
iatro-	Greek
ibex	Latin
ibis	Latin
ibogaine	French
-ic	French
-ical	Latin
ichneumon	Latin
ichnolite	Latin
ichnomancy	Latin
ichor	French
ichthyo-	Latin
ichthyophagous	Latin
ichthyosaur	Latin
iconic	Latin
iconoclast	French
iconography	Latin
icosahedron	Latin
icteric	Latin
icterus	Greek
ictus	Latin
-id	French
Ida	West Germanic
-idae	Latin
idea	Latin
ideal	Latin
idempotent	Latin
identification	French
identify	French
identity	French
ideo-	Greek
ides	French
idio-	Greek
idiocrasy	Latin
idiomatic	Latin
idiot	French
idioticon	Latin
Ido	other
idol	French
idolatry	French
Idumaean	Latin
idyll	French
idyllic	French
Ignatius	Latin
igneo-	Latin
igneous	Latin
ignition	French
ignoble	French
ignominious	French
ignoramus	Latin
ignorance	French
ignorant	French
-ile	French
ileus	Latin
ilex	Latin
iliac	French
Iliad	Greek
ilium	Latin
ill	North Germanic
illegal	French
illiberal	French
illicit	French
illiterate	Latin
illude	Latin
illume	French
illumination	Latin
illumine	French
illusion	French
illustration	French
illustrious	Latin
image	French
imagery	French
imaginable	French
imagination	French
imagine	French
imago	Latin
imbecile	French
imbecility	French
imbibe	French
imbrication	French
imbrue	French
imburse	Latin
imitable	French
imitation	French
immarcescible	Latin
immaterial	Latin
immature	Latin
immediate	French
immemorial	French
immense	French
immensity	French
immensurable	French
immerge	Latin
immerse	Latin
immersion	Latin
immigrant	Latin
immigrate	Latin
imminence	Latin
imminent	French
immitigable	Latin
immobile	French
immobility	French
immoderate	Latin
immoderation	Latin
immodest	Latin
immodesty	Latin
immolation	French
immortal	Latin
immortality	French
immune	Latin
immutability	Latin
impact	Latin
impaction	Latin
impairment	French
impala	other
impale	French
impalpable	French
impanate	Latin
imparity	Latin
impart	French
impartible	Latin
impasse	French
impassion	Romance (other)
impasto	Romance (other)
impatiens	Latin
impeccable	French
impediment	French
impedimenta	Latin
impendent	Latin
impenetrable	French
impenitence	Latin
impenitent	Latin
imperative	French
imperative	Latin
imperator	Latin
imperceptible	French
imperfect	French
imperial	French
imperious	Latin
imperium	Latin
impermeable	French
impersonal	Latin
imperturbable	French
impetigo	Latin
impetuosity	French
impetuous	French
impetus	Latin
impinge	Latin
impious	Latin
implacability	Latin
implant	French
impletion	Latin
implex	Latin
implicate	Latin
implication	Latin
implicit	French
implore	French
imply	French
impolite	Latin
import	Latin
importance	French
important	French
importunity	French
impose	French
imposition	French
impossible	French
impost	French
impostor	French
imposture	French
impotence	French
impotent	French
impoverish	French
imprecation	Latin
impregnate	Latin
impregnation	French
imprescriptible	French
impress	Latin
impressionable	French
imprint	French
imprison	French
improbity	Latin
imprompt	Latin
impromptu	French
improper	French
impropriety	French
improvisation	French
improvise	Romance (other)
imprudence	French
impudence	Latin
impudent	Latin
impulse	Latin
impulsion	French
impulsive	Latin
impune	Latin
impunity	French
impure	French
impurity	French
imputable	Latin
impute	French
in vitro	Latin
in-	Latin
-ina	Latin
inadvertence	French
inamorata	Romance (other)
inamorato	Romance (other)
inane	Latin
inanimate	Latin
inanity	French
inarticulate	Latin
inaudible	Latin
inaugural	French
inauguration	French
Inca	Romance (other)
incandescence	French
incandescent	French
incantation	French
incapable	French
incapacity	French
incarceration	Latin
incarnadine	French
incarnation	French
incendiary	Latin
incense	French
incept	Latin
inception	French
inceptive	French
incertitude	French
incest	French
incestuous	Latin
inchoate	Latin
incidence	French
incident	French
incident	Latin
incidental	Latin
incinerate	Latin
incipient	Latin
incise	French
incision	French
incisive	French
incisor	Latin
inclemency	French
inclinable	French
inclination	French
incline	French
include	Latin
inclusion	Latin
inclusive	Latin
incogitable	Latin
incognito	Romance (other)
incombustible	French
incommensurable	French
incommodity	French
incommunicado	Romance (other)
incompatible	Latin
incompetent	French
incomplete	Latin
incomprehensible	French
incondite	Latin
incongruence	Latin
incongruent	Latin
incongruity	French
inconsequent	Latin
inconsiderate	Latin
inconsideration	Latin
inconspicuous	Latin
inconstance	French
inconstancy	Latin
inconsummate	Latin
incontinence	French
incontinent	French
inconvenience	French
inconveniency	Latin
inconvenient	Latin
incorporate	Latin
incorporation	French
incorrect	Latin
incorrigible	French
incredible	Latin
incredulity	French
incredulous	Latin
increment	Latin
incrimination	Latin
incroyable	French
incrustation	French
incubate	Latin
incubation	Latin
incubus	Latin
inculcate	Latin
inculpable	Latin
inculpate	Latin
incumbent	Latin
incurious	Latin
incursion	French
incus	Latin
indebted	French
indecency	Latin
indecent	French
indeclinable	French
indeed	West Germanic
indefatigable	French
indefinite	Latin
indelible	Latin
indemnity	French
indeterminable	Latin
indeterminate	Latin
India	Latin
Indian	Latin
Indic	Latin
indication	Latin
indicative	French
indicator	Latin
indiction	Latin
indictive	Latin
indifference	Latin
indigence	French
indigency	Latin
indigene	French
indigenous	Latin
indigent	French
indignant	Latin
indignation	French
indirect	French
indiscreet	Latin
indiscretion	French
indisputable	Latin
indistinct	Latin
individual	Latin
individuate	Latin
individuation	Latin
indolence	French
indomitable	Latin
Indra	Indian
indubitable	Latin
induct	Latin
induction	French
inductive	French
indulgent	Latin
indurate	Latin
induration	French
Indus	Indian
industrious	French
inebriate	Latin
inebriation	Latin
ineffable	French
inefficacy	Latin
inelegance	French
inelegant	French
ineluctable	French
inenarrable	French
inequable	Latin
inequal	French
inequality	French
inerrable	Latin
inerrant	Latin
inert	French
inestimable	French
inexcusable	Latin
inexorable	French
inexperience	French
inexpiable	Latin
inexplicable	French
inexpugnable	French
inextricable	Latin
infallibility	Latin
infamy	French
infantilism	French
infantry	French
infatigable	French
infect	Latin
infective	Latin
infecund	Latin
infelicity	Latin
infer	Latin
inference	Latin
inferential	Latin
inferiority	Latin
infernal	French
infertile	French
infertility	French
infest	French
infibulate	Latin
infidel	French
infidelity	French
infinite	French
infinitesimal	Latin
infinitude	Latin
infirm	Latin
infirmary	French
infirmity	Latin
inflame	French
inflammable	French
inflammation	French
inflammatory	Latin
inflate	Latin
inflation	Latin
inflect	Latin
inflection	French
inflexible	French
inflict	Latin
infliction	French
inflorescence	Latin
influent	Latin
influential	Latin
influenza	Romance (other)
influx	French
inform	French
informant	Latin
information	French
informative	Latin
infortunate	Latin
infra-	Latin
infraction	French
infrastructure	French
infrequency	Latin
infrequent	Latin
infrigidation	Latin
infringe	Latin
infuriate	Romance (other)
infuse	Latin
infusion	French
-ing	West Germanic
ingenious	French
ingenue	French
ingenuity	French
ingenuous	Latin
ingest	Latin
ingestion	Latin
ingratiate	Latin
ingratitude	French
ingredient	Latin
ingress	Latin
inguinal	French
ingurgitation	Latin
Ingvaeonic	Latin
inhabit	French
inhabitable	French
inhalant	Latin
inhere	Latin
inherence	French
inherit	French
inhesion	Latin
inhibition	French
inhospitable	French
inhuman	Latin
inhumanity	French
inhume	Latin
inimitable	Latin
iniquity	French
initiand	Latin
initiate	Latin
initiation	French
initiative	French
injection	French
injunction	Latin
injunctive	Latin
injurious	French
ink	French
inmost	West Germanic
inner	West Germanic
innocuous	Latin
innominable	French
innovate	Latin
innovation	Latin
innovator	Latin
innuendo	Latin
Innuit	other
innumerable	Latin
inobservant	Latin
inoculation	Latin
inofficious	Latin
inopportune	Latin
inordinate	Latin
inquiline	Latin
inquire	French
inquisition	French
inquisitive	French
insalubrious	Latin
insane	Latin
insatiability	Latin
insatiable	French
insatiate	Latin
inscription	Latin
inscrutable	Latin
insect	Latin
insectivore	French
insensibility	Latin
insensible	Latin
inseparability	Latin
insignia	Latin
insincere	Latin
insinuation	French
insipid	French
insipience	French
insipient	Latin
insist	French
insistence	French
insolate	Latin
insolation	French
insolence	Latin
insolent	Latin
insolubility	Latin
insolvable	French
insomnia	Latin
insouciant	French
inspect	Latin
inspection	French
inspector	Latin
inspiration	French
inspire	French
inspissate	Latin
inspissation	Latin
instable	Latin
installation	Latin
instance	French
instanter	Latin
instauration	Latin
instigator	Latin
instill	Latin
instinct	French
instinctive	Latin
institution	French
instructor	French
instrument	French
insubstantial	Latin
insufficient	French
insufflation	Latin
insular	Latin
insulate	Latin
insulin	Latin
insult	French
insuperable	French
insupportable	French
insurance	French
insurgence	French
intact	Latin
intaglio	Romance (other)
intangible	French
integral	French
integrate	Latin
integration	French
integrity	French
integument	Latin
intellection	French
intellectual	French
intellectuality	French
intelligentsia	Slavic
intemperance	French
intend	French
intense	French
intension	Latin
intensive	French
intent	Latin
intention	French
intentive	French
inter	French
inter-	Latin
interamnian	Latin
intercalary	Latin
intercalate	Latin
intercalation	Latin
intercept	Latin
interception	Latin
interceptor	Latin
intercession	Latin
intercourse	French
interdict	French
interdiction	Latin
interest	French
interfere	French
interim	Latin
interior	Latin
interjacent	Latin
interjection	French
interlard	French
interlinear	Latin
interlocutor	Latin
intermediary	French
intermediate	Latin
interment	French
interminable	French
interminate	Latin
intermission	Latin
intermissive	Latin
intermit	Latin
intermittent	Latin
intermural	Latin
internecine	Latin
interpellate	Latin
interpellation	Latin
interpolate	Latin
interpolation	French
interpolator	Latin
interpose	French
interposition	French
interpret	French
interpretable	Latin
interpretation	French
interpreter	French
interregnum	Latin
interrogation	French
interrogative	Latin
interrogatory	Latin
interruption	Latin
intersection	French
intersex	West Germanic
interspace	Latin
intersperse	Latin
interstice	French
interstitial	Latin
intersubjective	West Germanic
interval	French
intervenient	Latin
intervent	Latin
interview	French
intestate	French
intimate	Latin
intimation	French
intimidate	Latin
intolerable	Latin
intolerance	Latin
intolerant	Latin
intonate	Latin
intonation	French
intone	French
intoxicant	Latin
intoxicate	Latin
intoxication	Latin
intra-	Latin
intractable	French
intransitive	Latin
intrepid	French
intricate	Latin
intrigant	French
intrigue	French
intrinsic	French
intro-	Latin
introductory	Latin
introit	French
introspect	Latin
introspective	Latin
introversion	Latin
intrusion	French
intrusive	Latin
intuition	Latin
intuitive	French
intussusception	Latin
inundation	Latin
inutile	French
inutility	French
invade	Latin
invaginate	Latin
invalidity	French
invariable	French
invasive	French
invective	Latin
inveigh	Latin
inveigle	Latin
invention	French
inventive	French
inventor	Latin
inventory	French
inversion	Latin
invert	French
invertebrate	Latin
invest	Latin
investigative	Latin
investiture	Latin
inveterate	Latin
invidious	Latin
invigilate	Latin
invincible	French
inviolable	Latin
invisibility	Latin
invitation	Latin
invitatory	Latin
invocation	French
invoke	French
involuntary	Latin
involute	Latin
involution	Latin
involve	French
invulnerable	Latin
iodic	French
ion	Greek
iopterous	Greek
ipseity	Latin
ipsilateral	Latin
iracund	Latin
Iran	Iranian
irascible	French
irate	Latin
ire	French
Irene	French
irenic	Greek
irenology	Greek
iridescent	Latin
iris	Latin
Irish	West Germanic
irk	North Germanic
iron	West Germanic
iron-gray	West Germanic
ironic	Latin
irony	Latin
irradiance	Latin
irradiant	Latin
irradiate	Latin
irradiation	French
irrational	Latin
Irredentist	Romance (other)
irrefragable	French
irregular	French
irregularity	French
irreligion	French
irreligious	Latin
irremediable	Latin
irreparable	French
irreprehensible	Latin
irreproachable	French
irreption	Latin
irresistible	Latin
irresolute	Latin
irreverence	French
irreverent	French
irrigable	Latin
irrigate	Latin
irrigation	Latin
irrisory	Latin
irritable	French
irritant	Latin
irritate	Latin
irritation	French
irruption	French
is	West Germanic
isagoge	Latin
Isaiah	Semitic
Iscariot	Latin
ish kabibble	West Germanic
Ishmael	Semitic
Isis	Greek
Islam	Semitic
island	West Germanic
isle	French
islet	French
-ism	French
Ismailite	Semitic
isobar	Greek
isocephalic	Greek
isocracy	Greek
isogloss	West Germanic
isomeric	West Germanic
isosceles	Latin
isotherm	French
isothermal	French
isotonic	Greek
Israel	Latin
Israelite	Latin
Issachar	Greek
issue	French
-ist	French
isthmian	Latin
isthmus	Latin
-istic	French
Italian	Romance (other)
Italianate	Romance (other)
italic	Latin
Italic	Latin
Italy	Greek
-ite	French
item	Latin
iteration	Latin
iterative	French
ithyphallic	Latin
itinerary	Latin
-itis	Greek
itself	West Germanic
-ium	Latin
ivory	French
izard	French
-ize	French
jacinth	French
Jack	French
jacket	French
Jacob	Latin
Jacobin	French
Jacquerie	French
jail	West Germanic
jailer	French
Jain	Indian
jalapeno	Romance (other)
jamb	French
James	Latin
Jane	French
jangle	French
janitor	Latin
janizary	French
January	French
Janus	Latin
jape	French
Japheth	Latin
Japhetic	Greek
jardiniere	French
jargon	French
jarl	North Germanic
jasmine	French
Jason	Greek
jaundice	French
java	Indian
jaw	French
jay	French
jealousy	French
jean	French
jeer	West Germanic
Jeffrey	French
jejunum	Latin
Jemima	Semitic
Jennifer	Celtic
jerboa	Semitic
jeremiad	French
Jeremiah	Latin
Jericho	Semitic
jerky	Romance (other)
Jerome	French
Jerusalem	Greek
jess	French
jessamine	French
Jessica	Latin
jest	French
jest	West Germanic
Jesuit	Latin
jet	French
jete	French
Jethro	Semitic
jetton	French
jetty	French
jewelry	French
jezebel	Semitic
jig	West Germanic
jinn	Semitic
jirgah	Iranian
jitters	West Germanic
Joan	Latin
Job	Semitic
jobbard	French
Jocelin	West Germanic
jocular	Latin
joculator	Latin
jocund	French
jocundity	French
Joel	Semitic
Johannine	Latin
John	French
joinder	French
joist	French
joke	Latin
jollity	French
jolly-boat	North Germanic
jolt	West Germanic
Jonah	Semitic
Jonas	Latin
Jonathan	Semitic
jongleur	Latin
jonquil	French
Jose	Romance (other)
Joseph	Latin
Josephine	French
jot	Latin
jotun	North Germanic
jouissance	French
journalism	French
joust	French
jovial	French
joviality	French
Jovian	Latin
joy	French
jubilant	Latin
jubilate	Latin
jubilation	French
jubilee	French
Judah	Semitic
Judaic	French
Judas	Semitic
Judea	Latin
judge	French
judgment	French
judicable	Latin
judication	Latin
judicature	Latin
judicial	Latin
judo	East Asian
juice	French
juju	French
julep	French
Julia	Latin
Juliet	Romance (other)
Julius	Latin
junction	Latin
juncture	Latin
June	Latin
junior	Latin
Junius	Latin
junk	French
junk	Romance (other)
junket	Latin
junta	Romance (other)
Jupiter	Latin
jural	Latin
Jurassic	French
jurat	Latin
juridical	Latin
jurisconsult	Latin
jurisdiction	French
jurisprudence	French
jurist	French
jury	French
jussive	West Germanic
just	French
justice	French
justiciary	Latin
justifiable	French
justification	Latin
justify	French
Justin	Latin
jut	French
jute	Indian
juvenile	Latin
juvenilia	Latin
juvenility	Latin
juxtaposition	French
jynx	Latin
kaffeeklatsch	West Germanic
Kaffir	Semitic
kaiser	West Germanic
Kalashnikov	Slavic
Kali	Indian
Kama Sutra	Indian
Kanaka	other
kanji	East Asian
kaput	West Germanic
karabiner	West Germanic
Karen	East Asian
karma	Indian
karyotype	Slavic
Kashmir	Indian
katabatic	Greek
katakana	East Asian
kathenotheism	Greek
Kathmandu	East Asian
katzenjammer	West Germanic
keel	West Germanic
keelson	West Germanic
keen	West Germanic
Kelly	Celtic
keloid	French
kelp	West Germanic
ken	West Germanic
kenning	North Germanic
keno	French
kenosis	Greek
kenspeck	North Germanic
Kent	Latin
keratin	Greek
kermes	Latin
kern	French
kerosene	Greek
kerygma	Greek
kestrel	French
ketch	West Germanic
ketone	West Germanic
kex	Latin
key	Romance (other)
key	West Germanic
khaki	Indian
khedive	French
kibbutz	Semitic
kickshaw	French
kielbasa	Slavic
kill	West Germanic
kiln	Latin
kilogram	French
kiloliter	French
kilometer	French
kilt	West Germanic
kimono	East Asian
kin	West Germanic
kind	West Germanic
kindergarten	West Germanic
kindly	West Germanic
kine	West Germanic
kinematics	French
kinesics	Greek
kinesiology	Greek
kinesis	Greek
kinesthesia	Greek
kinesthetic	Greek
kinetic	Greek
kink	West Germanic
Kiplingesque	English 
kipper	West Germanic
kir	other
kirtle	Latin
kismet	Altaic
kit	Latin
kit	West Germanic
kitab	Semitic
kitchen	West Germanic
kith	West Germanic
kitsch	West Germanic
kiwi	other
klezmer	Semitic
klutz	West Germanic
knapsack	West Germanic
knapweed	West Germanic
knee	West Germanic
Knesset	Semitic
knife	North Germanic
knowledge	North Germanic
koan	East Asian
Kobe	East Asian
Koblenz	Latin
Kodiak	Slavic
Koh-i-noor	Iranian
kohl	Semitic
kohlrabi	West Germanic
Komsomol	Slavic
kopeck	Slavic
Koran	Semitic
Korea	East Asian
kos	Indian
kowtow	East Asian
Kraut	West Germanic
Kremlin	Slavic
kreutzer	West Germanic
krill	North Germanic
Krishna	Indian
Kriss Kringle	West Germanic
krypton	Greek
Ku Klux Klan	Greek
kudos	Greek
kudzu	East Asian
kugel	West Germanic
kulak	Slavic
kvetch	West Germanic
kymatology	Greek
labefaction	Latin
labial	Latin
labium	Latin
labret	Latin
laburnum	Latin
labyrinth	Latin
lace	French
Lacedaemonian	Latin
lacerate	Latin
laceration	French
lacertine	Latin
lack	West Germanic
lackey	French
Laconian	Latin
laconic	Greek
lacrosse	French
lacrymatory	Latin
lactation	French
lacteal	Latin
lacuna	Latin
lacustrine	Latin
Ladino	Romance (other)
lady	West Germanic
lager	West Germanic
laird	West Germanic
lake	French
Lakshmi	Indian
lama	East Asian
lamentable	French
lamentation	French
laminar	Latin
laminate	Latin
lamp	French
lampoon	French
lamprey	French
lance	French
lanceolate	Latin
lancer	French
lancet	French
landform	West Germanic
landwehr	West Germanic
Languedoc	French
languet	French
languid	French
languor	French
languorous	French
lantern	French
lanyard	French
Laocoon	Latin
lap	West Germanic
lapidary	French
lapidation	Latin
lapidocolous	Latin
lappet	West Germanic
lapse	French
larch	West Germanic
lard	French
large	French
largo	Romance (other)
lariat	Romance (other)
lark	West Germanic
larva	Latin
lascar	Romance (other)
lash	French
lasso	Romance (other)
last	West Germanic
latebrous	Latin
latent	Latin
lateral	French
latex	Latin
Latin	Latin
Latinity	Latin
latitude	French
latration	Latin
latte	Latin
lattice	French
laud	French
laudable	French
laudanum	Latin
laudation	Latin
lauds	French
laughter	West Germanic
launch	French
launch	Romance (other)
laundry	French
laureate	Latin
Laurence	French
lautitious	Latin
lavage	French
lavalier	French
lavation	Latin
lavatory	Latin
lave	West Germanic
lavish	French
law	North Germanic
lawyer	West Germanic
lax	Latin
laxity	French
lay	French
layette	French
lazar	Latin
le	Latin
lead	West Germanic
league	French
league	Latin
leak	West Germanic
leal	West Germanic
lean	West Germanic
Leander	Greek
leap	West Germanic
leash	French
leaven	French
Lebanon	Semitic
lebensform	West Germanic
lecanomancy	Latin
lech	Celtic
lecher	French
lechery	French
lecithin	French
lectern	French
lection	French
lector	Latin
lede	West Germanic
lederhosen	West Germanic
lee	West Germanic
leech	West Germanic
Leeds	West Germanic
leer	West Germanic
lees	French
left	West Germanic
legal	French
legality	French
legation	French
legato	Romance (other)
legend	French
legendary	Latin
legerdemain	French
Leghorn	Latin
legible	Latin
legion	French
legionnaire	French
legislator	Latin
legitimate	Latin
legitimation	French
legitimism	French
legitimize	Latin
Lego	North Germanic
legume	French
Leila	Semitic
leio-	Greek
leitmotif	West Germanic
lek	North Germanic
lemming	North Germanic
lemniscus	Latin
Lemnos	Semitic
lemon	French
lemonade	French
lemur	Latin
lenitive	Latin
lenity	French
lens	Latin
Lent	West Germanic
lenticular	Latin
lentil	French
lento	Romance (other)
leopard	French
Leopold	French
leper	Latin
leprous	French
Lernaean	Latin
lesbian	Latin
lesion	French
lethal	Latin
lethargic	Latin
lethargy	Latin
Lethe	Greek
Letitia	Latin
Lett	West Germanic
letter	French
lettuce	French
Levant	French
level	French
lever	French
leveret	French
Levi	Semitic
leviathan	Latin
levirate	West Germanic
levitate	Latin
Levite	Latin
Leviticus	Latin
levity	French
levo-	French
lewd	West Germanic
lexico-	Latin
lexicon	French
Leyden	West Germanic
liaison	French
libation	Latin
libel	French
liberality	French
liberator	Latin
Liberia	Latin
libidinous	French
libido	Latin
Libra	Latin
libre	French
libretto	Romance (other)
libricide	Latin
licence	French
licentious	Latin
lichen	Latin
lid	West Germanic
lie	West Germanic
lied	West Germanic
lief	West Germanic
lien	French
lieno-	Latin
lieutenant	French
ligate	Latin
ligation	French
ligature	French
light	West Germanic
ligneous	French
lignin	Latin
like	West Germanic
likely	North Germanic
lilac	Altaic
lilt	West Germanic
lily	Latin
limaceous	Greek
limb	Latin
limbate	Latin
limber	French
limbic	French
limbo	Latin
lime	West Germanic
liminal	Latin
limit	French
limitation	French
limn	West Germanic
limno-	Greek
limousine	French
Limousine	Latin
limpet	Latin
limpid	French
limpidity	French
limulus	Latin
linament	Latin
Lincoln	Latin
linden	West Germanic
line	Latin
line	West Germanic
lineal	French
lineament	French
linear	French
lineate	Latin
lineation	Latin
lingam	Indian
linger	West Germanic
lingerie	French
lingual	Latin
Linguaphone	Latin
linguiform	Latin
linguine	Romance (other)
linguist	Latin
linguistic	West Germanic
lining	West Germanic
link	Latin
link	North Germanic
linnet	French
linoleum	Latin
linstock	West Germanic
lintel	French
Linzertorte	West Germanic
lion	French
lipase	French
lipid	French
lipo-	Greek
lipoma	Greek
liposuction	Greek
liquefy	French
liquescent	Latin
liqueur	French
liquid	French
liquor	French
lira	Romance (other)
lisle	French
list	West Germanic
listless	West Germanic
lit	North Germanic
litany	French
liter	French
literal	Latin
literalism	French
literary	French
literate	Latin
literation	Latin
litharge	French
litho-	Greek
lithodomous	French
lithology	Latin
Lithuania	Baltic
litigant	French
litigation	Latin
litigator	Latin
litigious	French
litotes	Greek
litterateur	French
littoral	Latin
liturgy	French
live	West Germanic
Liverpool	West Germanic
livid	French
lividity	French
Livonia	Uralic
livre	French
llama	Romance (other)
Llanfair	Celtic
Llewelyn	Celtic
lo	West Germanic
load	West Germanic
loaf	West Germanic
lobate	Latin
lobby	Latin
lobe	Latin
lobo	Romance (other)
lobster	West Germanic
locable	Latin
local	French
locality	French
locate	Latin
location	Latin
locative	Latin
locator	Latin
loch	Celtic
locomotion	Latin
locomotive	French
locus	Latin
locution	Latin
locutory	Latin
loden	West Germanic
lodge	French
lodgement	French
logarithm	Greek
loggia	Romance (other)
logistic	Latin
logistics	French
logogriph	French
logopoeia	Greek
Logos	Greek
-logy	Greek
logy	West Germanic
loimic	Greek
Loire	Latin
Lombard	Latin
long	West Germanic
longanimity	Latin
longeron	French
longevity	Latin
longi-	Latin
longitudinal	Latin
loof	North Germanic
loofah	Semitic
look	West Germanic
loose	North Germanic
lope	North Germanic
loquat	East Asian
lord	West Germanic
lordly	West Germanic
lordosis	Greek
lorgnette	French
loris	French
lorn	West Germanic
Lothario	West Germanic
lotophagi	Greek
lotto	French
louche	French
loud	West Germanic
loupe	French
low	North Germanic
low	West Germanic
lower	West Germanic
lox	West Germanic
loxo-	Greek
loyal	French
loyalty	French
lozenge	French
LSD	West Germanic
luau	other
Lubish	West Germanic
lubricant	Latin
lubricate	Latin
lubricity	French
lubricous	Latin
lucent	Latin
Lucian	Latin
lucid	Latin
Lucifer	Latin
luciferous	Latin
lucifugous	Latin
Lucille	French
Lucite	Latin
lucrative	French
lucre	French
Lucretia	Latin
lucubration	Latin
luculent	Latin
Lucy	French
ludic	French
Ludwig	West Germanic
lug	West Germanic
luge	French
Luke	Latin
luke	West Germanic
lullaby	West Germanic
lumbaginous	Latin
lumbago	Latin
lumbar	Latin
lumbo-	Latin
lumen	Latin
luminaire	French
Luminal	Latin
luminance	Latin
luminary	French
luminescence	Latin
luminosity	French
luminous	Latin
lumpenproletariat	West Germanic
luna	Latin
lunar	French
lunate	Latin
lunatic	French
luncheon	Romance (other)
lune	Latin
lunette	French
lung	West Germanic
luni-	Latin
Lupercalia	Latin
lupine	French
lurch	West Germanic
Lusatian	Latin
lush	French
lusory	Latin
luster	French
lustral	Latin
lustrate	Latin
lustrum	Latin
luteal	Latin
luteous	Latin
lutetium	French
luthier	French
lutose	Latin
lux	Latin
luxation	Latin
luxe	French
luxuriant	French
luxuriate	Latin
luxurious	French
luxury	French
lycanthrope	Latin
lycanthropy	Greek
Lycoperdon	Latin
lymph	French
lymphatic	Latin
lynx	Latin
lyric	French
lyrist	French
Lysander	Greek
-lysis	Greek
lyso-	Greek
lysol	Greek
-lytic	Greek
Mabel	Latin
Mac-	Celtic
macabre	French
macaque	French
macaronic	Latin
macaroon	French
Maccabees	Latin
mace	French
Macedonia	Latin
maceration	Latin
machete	Romance (other)
Machiavellian	other
machination	French
machinator	Latin
machine	French
machismo	Romance (other)
macho	Romance (other)
mackerel	French
mackintosh	Celtic
macle	French
macrame	French
macro-	Greek
macrobiotic	Greek
macrocephalic	Greek
macula	Latin
maculate	Latin
maculation	Latin
macule	Latin
madam	French
madarosis	Greek
Madeira	Romance (other)
mademoiselle	French
madrasah	Semitic
maestro	Romance (other)
mafia	Romance (other)
magazine	French
magician	French
magisterial	Latin
magistral	Latin
magistrate	French
magnanimity	French
magnate	Latin
magnesia	Latin
magnetic	Latin
magnetism	Latin
magnetite	West Germanic
magneto-	Greek
magni-	Latin
Magnificat	Latin
magnification	French
magnificence	French
magnificent	French
magniloquence	Latin
magnitude	Latin
Magnus	West Germanic
Magrib	Semitic
mahatma	Indian
Mahdi	Semitic
mahogany	Romance (other)
Mahomet	French
maieutic	Greek
mail	French
maillot	French
maim	French
main	West Germanic
Maine	French
maintenance	French
maisonette	French
maize	Romance (other)
major	Latin
Majorca	Latin
major-domo	Latin
majority	French
majuscule	French
make	West Germanic
mal-	French
Malachi	Semitic
malachite	French
malacia	Latin
malady	French
malapert	French
malapropos	French
malaria	Romance (other)
Malayalam	Indian
Malcolm	Celtic
Maldives	Indian
male	French
malediction	French
maledictory	Latin
malefaction	Latin
malefactor	Latin
malefic	Latin
maleficence	French
maleficent	Latin
malevolence	French
malevolent	French
malfeasance	French
malice	French
malicious	French
malign	French
malignant	French
maligner	French
malignity	French
malinger	French
malison	French
mallard	French
malleable	French
malleolus	Latin
malleus	Latin
Malta	Latin
maltreatment	French
malvaceous	Latin
malversation	French
Malvinas	French
mamba	other
mambo	Romance (other)
Mameluke	French
mammary	French
mammo-	Latin
mammoth	Slavic
mamzer	Latin
manacle	French
manatee	Romance (other)
mancinism	Romance (other)
manciple	French
mandala	Indian
mandatary	Latin
mandatory	Latin
mandible	Latin
mandibular	Latin
mandolin	French
mandrake	Latin
mandrel	French
manege	French
manes	Latin
maneuver	French
mangle	West Germanic
mango	Romance (other)
mangonel	French
mangrove	Romance (other)
maniac	French
Manichaean	Latin
manicotti	Romance (other)
manifest	French
manifestation	Latin
manifesto	Romance (other)
manikin	West Germanic
manioc	other
manipulation	French
manna	Latin
manometer	French
mansard	French
manse	Latin
mansion	French
mansuetude	Latin
manta	Romance (other)
manteau	French
manticore	Latin
mantilla	Romance (other)
mantis	Greek
mantra	Indian
mantua	French
manual	French
manual	Latin
manubrium	Latin
manufacture	French
manumit	Latin
map	French
maple	West Germanic
maquis	French
mar	West Germanic
Maranatha	Greek
marcasite	Latin
marcescent	Latin
marchen	West Germanic
marchioness	Latin
Marcia	Latin
mare	Latin
Margaret	French
margaric	French
margarin	French
margarine	French
margarite	Latin
marge	French
Margery	French
margin	French
marginal	Latin
margrave	West Germanic
marguerite	French
marina	Romance (other)
marinade	French
marinate	French
marine	French
marish	French
marital	French
maritime	French
Marius	Latin
marjoram	French
mark	North Germanic
market	French
marmoset	French
marmot	French
Maronite	Latin
maroon	French
marquee	French
marquis	French
marriage	French
marrow	West Germanic
marry	French
Mars	Latin
Marsala	Semitic
Marseilles	French
marsh	West Germanic
marsupial	Latin
mart	Latin
marten	French
Martian	Latin
Martin	Latin
martingale	French
martyr	French
martyr	Latin
marvel	French
marvelous	French
Marxism	French
Mary	Latin
masculate	Latin
masculine	French
mask	French
masochism	West Germanic
mason	French
masonry	French
masque	French
masquerade	French
mass	French
mass	West Germanic
Massachusetts	other
massage	French
masseur	French
masseuse	French
massif	French
master	Latin
mastiff	French
masto-	Greek
mastodon	Latin
mastoid	Greek
masturbation	French
masturbator	Latin
matador	Romance (other)
match	French
mate	West Germanic
mater-	Latin
materiality	Latin
maternal	French
maternity	French
mathematical	Latin
mathematician	French
matinee	French
matins	French
matriculate	Latin
matrimonial	French
matrimony	French
matrix	French
matron	French
Matterhorn	West Germanic
Matthias	Latin
mattock	West Germanic
maturation	Latin
mature	Latin
maturescent	Latin
maturity	French
matutinal	Latin
matzoh	Semitic
Maud	French
maugre	French
maul	French
maul	West Germanic
maulstick	West Germanic
Maundy Thursday	West Germanic
Maurice	French
Mauritania	Latin
mausoleum	Latin
mauvais	French
mauve	French
maven	West Germanic
maw	West Germanic
mawkish	West Germanic
maxilla	Latin
maxillary	Latin
maxim	French
maximum	French
May	French
mayor	French
mayoralty	French
McConnell	Celtic
McCoy	West Germanic
McMillan	Celtic
McQueen	Celtic
mead	West Germanic
meal	West Germanic
mealy-mouthed	West Germanic
mean	French
measles	West Germanic
measurable	French
measure	French
meat	West Germanic
Meath	Celtic
mechanism	Latin
mechano-	Latin
medal	French
medallion	French
meddle	French
Mede	Latin
Medea	Latin
medial	Latin
median	French
median	Latin
mediant	Romance (other)
mediate	Latin
mediation	Latin
mediator	Latin
medicable	Latin
medical	French
medicaster	Latin
medication	French
Medici	Latin
medicinal	French
medicine	French
medico	Romance (other)
medieval	Latin
mediocrity	Latin
meditation	French
meditative	Latin
Mediterranean	Latin
medium	Latin
medley	French
meerkat	West Germanic
meet	West Germanic
mega-	Greek
megalomania	French
megalopolis	Greek
megaphone	Greek
Megara	Greek
megillah	West Germanic
meiosis	Greek
meistersinger	West Germanic
melancholia	Latin
melancholy	French
Melanesia	French
Melanie	Latin
melanin	Greek
melano-	Greek
melanoma	Greek
melanosis	Greek
melatonin	Greek
Melchior	Semitic
Melchizedek	Semitic
melioration	Latin
meliorism	Latin
melisma	Greek
mell	French
mellifluent	French
melodeon	West Germanic
melodious	French
melodrama	French
melody	French
melon	French
member	French
membrane	Latin
membranous	French
memento	Latin
memorabilia	Latin
memorable	Latin
memorandum	Latin
memorial	French
memorious	French
menace	French
menage	French
menagerie	French
menarche	West Germanic
mendacious	French
mendacity	French
mendicant	Latin
mendicity	French
menhir	French
meningeal	Latin
meninges	French
meningitis	Latin
meniscus	Greek
menopause	French
menorah	Semitic
Menshevik	Slavic
menstrual	French
menstruous	French
mensurable	Latin
mensuration	French
mental	Latin
mentation	Latin
menthol	West Germanic
mention	French
mentor	Greek
menu	French
mephitic	Latin
mercantile	French
mercantilism	French
mercenary	French
mercer	French
Mercia	West Germanic
mercurial	Latin
Mercury	Latin
merde	French
mere	French
mere	West Germanic
merengue	French
meretricious	Latin
merganser	Latin
merge	Latin
meridian	French
meristem	Greek
merit	French
meritorious	Latin
merle	French
Merlin	French
mermaid	West Germanic
Merovingian	French
merrily	West Germanic
merrow	Celtic
mesa	Romance (other)
mesalliance	French
mescaline	West Germanic
meshuga	Semitic
mesial	Greek
mesmerism	French
meso-	Greek
mesoderm	French
meson	Greek
Mesopotamia	Greek
Mesozoic	Greek
message	French
messenger	French
Messiah	Latin
messianic	Latin
mestizo	Romance (other)
meta-	Greek
metabolic	West Germanic
metabolism	French
metabolize	Greek
metacarpus	Greek
metal	French
metamorphic	Greek
metamorphose	French
metamorphosis	Latin
metanoia	Greek
metaphor	French
metaphrastic	Greek
metaphysic	French
metaphysician	French
metaphysics	Latin
metastasis	Latin
metathesis	Latin
mete	French
metempsychosis	Latin
meteor	French
meteorological	French
meter	French
methinks	West Germanic
method	Latin
methodical	French
methodology	French
methyl	West Germanic
methylene	French
metic	Latin
meticulous	Latin
metis	French
Metis	Greek
metric	French
metric	Latin
metrical	Latin
Metro	French
metrology	Greek
metronome	Greek
metropolitan	Latin
mew	French
mezzanine	French
mezzo	Latin
micacious	Latin
Micah	Semitic
Michael	Latin
micro-	Latin
microbe	French
microcephalic	French
micrology	Latin
micromania	Greek
micron	Greek
microphone	Greek
microscope	Latin
midday	West Germanic
Midgard	North Germanic
Midi	French
midst	West Germanic
might	West Germanic
migraine	French
migrant	Latin
mil	Latin
Milan	Celtic
milch	West Germanic
mile	West Germanic
milfoil	French
milieu	French
militant	French
militarism	French
militate	Latin
militia	Latin
milk	West Germanic
millenarian	Latin
millenary	Latin
millennium	Latin
milliard	French
milliary	Latin
milligram	French
milliliter	French
millimeter	French
million	French
millionaire	French
millipede	Latin
millstone	West Germanic
mimetic	Greek
mimic	Latin
minacious	Latin
minaret	French
minatory	French
mince	French
mind	West Germanic
mine	French
mineral	French
minestrone	Romance (other)
mingle	West Germanic
minimal	Latin
minimum	Latin
minimus	Latin
minish	French
minister	French
ministerial	French
ministerium	Latin
ministration	French
ministry	French
minnesinger	West Germanic
minor	Latin
minority	French
Minotaur	Greek
minstrel	French
mint	West Germanic
minuet	French
minus	Latin
minute	French
minute	Latin
minutia	Latin
minx	West Germanic
Miocene	Greek
mir	Slavic
miracle	French
miraculous	French
mirage	French
mirror	French
mis-	West Germanic
misadventure	French
misanthrope	Greek
misanthropy	Greek
miscegenation	Latin
miscellaneous	Latin
miscellany	Latin
mischief	French
miscreant	French
mise en scene	French
miser	Latin
miserable	French
misery	French
misfeasance	French
miso-	Greek
misogamy	Latin
misogynist	Greek
misogyny	Latin
misoneism	French
misotheism	Latin
miss	West Germanic
missal	French
mission	Latin
missionary	Latin
mistress	French
mithridate	Latin
mitigant	Latin
mitigation	Latin
mitosis	Greek
mitral	French
mitre	French
mitzvah	Semitic
mixed	Latin
mixo-	Greek
mizzen	French
mnesic	Greek
mnestic	Greek
moan	West Germanic
moat	French
mob	Latin
mobile	French
mobility	French
mobilization	French
mobilize	French
mockery	French
modal	French
modality	French
mode	French
model	French
moderate	Latin
moderator	Latin
modernity	Latin
modest	French
modification	French
modular	French
modulation	French
modulator	Latin
module	French
Moeris	Greek
moerologist	Greek
moeurs	French
moiety	French
moire	French
moist	French
moisture	French
mola	Latin
molar	Latin
molasses	Romance (other)
mole	West Germanic
molecule	French
molest	French
molestation	French
mollification	French
mollify	French
Mollusca	Latin
molly	West Germanic
Molotov	Slavic
molt	West Germanic
Moluccas	East Asian
moly	Greek
mome	French
moment	French
momentary	Latin
momentum	Latin
Momus	Latin
Mona	Celtic
monad	Latin
monarch	French
monarchic	Greek
monarchism	French
monarchy	French
monastic	French
Monday	West Germanic
mondo	Romance (other)
monetary	Latin
monetize	Latin
money	French
moneyer	French
moniliform	Latin
monist	Greek
monition	French
monitor	Latin
monitory	Latin
mono-	Greek
monochrome	Latin
monocle	French
monocular	Latin
monogamy	French
monoglot	Greek
monogram	French
monogyny	Greek
monolith	French
monologue	French
Monophysite	Latin
monopode	Latin
monopoly	Latin
monosyllable	Latin
monotonous	Greek
monotony	French
monsieur	French
monsignor	Romance (other)
monsoon	West Germanic
monster	French
monstration	Latin
monstrosity	Latin
montagnard	French
monte	Romance (other)
monumental	Latin
mooch	French
mood	West Germanic
moody	West Germanic
moon	West Germanic
Moor	French
moor	West Germanic
moot	West Germanic
moppet	West Germanic
moraine	French
morality	French
moralize	French
morass	West Germanic
morbid	Latin
mordacious	Latin
mordant	French
morel	French
morello	Latin
mores	Latin
Moresco	Romance (other)
morganatic	French
morgue	French
moribund	French
morn	West Germanic
morose	Latin
Morpheus	Greek
morphic	Greek
morpho-	Greek
morris-dance	West Germanic
morsel	French
mortal	French
mortality	French
mortar	French
mortgage	French
mortise	French
mortuary	Latin
mosaic	French
mosasaurus	Latin
mosque	French
mosquito	Romance (other)
Mosul	Semitic
mot	French
moth	West Germanic
mother	West Germanic
motif	French
motility	French
motion	French
motive	French
moto-	Latin
motor	Latin
motto	Romance (other)
moue	French
mount	French
mountain	French
mountebank	Romance (other)
mourn	West Germanic
mourning	West Germanic
mouton enrage	French
Mozarab	Romance (other)
mozzarella	Romance (other)
Mstislav	Slavic
much	West Germanic
mucilage	French
mucilaginous	Latin
muckluck	other
mucous	Latin
mucus	Latin
mud	West Germanic
muff	West Germanic
muffin	West Germanic
muffle	French
mufti	Semitic
muggle	Latin
muggy	West Germanic
mulatto	Romance (other)
mulch	West Germanic
mulct	Latin
mule	French
mule	West Germanic
muliebrity	Latin
mull	North Germanic
Mulligan	Celtic
multifarious	Latin
multiflora	Latin
multiform	French
multiformity	Latin
multinominous	Latin
multipartite	Latin
multiplex	Latin
multiplicable	Latin
multiplicand	Latin
multiplication	French
multiplicity	French
multiply	French
multitudinous	Latin
mummery	French
mummify	French
Munchkin	West Germanic
mundungus	Romance (other)
municipality	French
munificence	French
munition	French
murder	West Germanic
murex	Latin
murine	Latin
murk	North Germanic
murmur	French
Muscat	Semitic
muscle	Latin
Muscovy	French
muscular	Latin
muscularity	Latin
muse	French
Muse	French
musette	French
mush	French
music	French
musicale	French
musician	French
musk	French
musket	French
musketry	French
Muslim	Semitic
muslin	French
mussel	West Germanic
Mussulman	Altaic
must	Latin
must	West Germanic
mustache	French
mustang	Romance (other)
mustard	French
mustelid	Latin
musteline	Latin
muster	French
mutant	Latin
mutation	French
mute	French
mutilate	Latin
mutilation	French
mutineer	French
mutiny	French
mutton	French
mutual	French
mutualism	French
muumuu	other
Mycenaean	Latin
myelin	West Germanic
myelo-	Greek
myeloma	Greek
mynah	Indian
myomancy	Greek
myrmidon	Latin
myrrh	French
myrtle	French
myself	West Germanic
mysophobia	Greek
mystagogue	Latin
mystagogy	French
mysterious	Latin
mystery	Latin
mystic	French
Mystic	other
mystification	French
mystify	French
mystique	French
mythic	Latin
mythological	Latin
mythologize	French
mythopoeic	Greek
myxo-	Greek
N	West Germanic
Na	Latin
Naaman	Semitic
Nabataean	Latin
nabob	Indian
nacelle	French
nacho	Latin
nacre	French
nada	Romance (other)
nadir	Latin
naeve	Latin
naga	Indian
Naiad	Latin
naif	French
naive	French
naivete	French
naked	West Germanic
Nanking	East Asian
Naomi	Semitic
nap	West Germanic
nape	French
napkin	Latin
Naples	Romance (other)
narcissism	West Germanic
narcissus	Latin
narcolepsy	French
narcosis	Greek
narcotic	French
nares	Latin
nark	Indian
narrable	Latin
narration	French
narrative	French
narrative	Latin
narrator	Latin
narrow	West Germanic
narrowness	West Germanic
narwhal	North Germanic
nascent	Latin
naso-	Latin
nasturtium	Latin
natal	Latin
Natalie	French
Natasha	Slavic
natation	Latin
natatorium	Latin
Nathaniel	Latin
nation	French
nativity	French
natron	French
natty	West Germanic
natural	French
naturalist	French
naturality	French
naturalization	French
nature	French
naufragous	Latin
nausea	Latin
nauseant	Latin
nautch	Indian
nautilus	Latin
Navajo	Romance (other)
naval	French
nave	West Germanic
navicular	Latin
navigable	French
navigation	French
navigator	Latin
navy	French
Nazarene	Latin
Nazareth	Semitic
Nazi	West Germanic
Neanderthal	West Germanic
neap	West Germanic
Nebuchadnezzar	Semitic
nebula	Latin
nebulosity	French
nebulous	Latin
necessitate	Latin
necessity	French
neck	West Germanic
necrolatry	Latin
necromancer	French
necromancy	French
necrophagous	Latin
necrosis	Latin
nectar	Latin
nee	French
need	West Germanic
needs	West Germanic
neep	West Germanic
nefandous	Latin
nefarious	Latin
negative	French
neglect	Latin
neglection	Latin
negligence	French
negotiation	French
negotiator	Latin
Negress	French
negritude	French
Negro	Romance (other)
Nehemiah	Semitic
Nehru	other
neigh	West Germanic
neither	West Germanic
nekton	West Germanic
nemato-	Greek
nematode	Latin
Nemean	Greek
nemesis	Greek
nemo	West Germanic
neology	French
neon	Greek
neoteny	West Germanic
Nepal	Indian
nephew	French
nephridium	Greek
nephritis	Latin
nephron	West Germanic
nepotism	French
Neptune	Latin
Nereid	Greek
neritic	West Germanic
nerval	Latin
nervous	Latin
nesh	West Germanic
ness	North Germanic
nest	West Germanic
nestle	West Germanic
Netherlands	West Germanic
nettle	West Germanic
neural	Greek
neuralgia	Greek
neuritis	Greek
neuron	West Germanic
neurotic	Greek
neuter	Latin
neutrality	French
neutralize	French
neutrino	Romance (other)
neve	French
never	West Germanic
new	West Germanic
newcomer	West Germanic
newness	West Germanic
nexus	Latin
Nez Perce	French
nibble	West Germanic
nice	French
Nice	Greek
Nicene	Greek
nicety	French
niche	French
Nicholas	French
Nick	West Germanic
nickname	West Germanic
nicotine	French
nictation	Latin
nictitate	Latin
nidicolous	Latin
nidification	Latin
nidus	Latin
niece	French
nieve	North Germanic
Niflheim	North Germanic
nigger	French
nightingale	West Germanic
nightlong	West Germanic
nightly	West Germanic
nightshade	West Germanic
nihilism	West Germanic
nihilist	French
nihility	Latin
nil	Latin
nimble	West Germanic
nimbus	Latin
nimiety	Latin
nine	West Germanic
ninety	West Germanic
ninth	West Germanic
nirvana	Indian
nisei	East Asian
nit	West Germanic
nitre	French
nitrification	French
nitrogen	French
nitrous	Latin
niveous	Latin
nix	West Germanic
no	West Germanic
No.	Latin
Noah	Semitic
nobody	West Germanic
nociceptive	Latin
noct-	Latin
noctidial	Latin
noctilucent	Latin
noctivagant	Latin
nocturn	French
nocturnal	French
nocturne	French
nocuous	Latin
node	Latin
nodule	Latin
Noel	French
noesis	Greek
noetic	Greek
nom	Latin
nomad	French
nomenclature	French
nominal	Latin
nomination	Latin
nominator	Latin
nomology	Greek
nomothetic	Latin
nonagon	Latin
nonchalance	French
nonchalant	French
none	West Germanic
nonet	Romance (other)
non-viable	French
noodle	Latin
nookie	West Germanic
noon	West Germanic
Nordic	French
norm	French
Norma	Latin
normal	Latin
Norman	French
normative	French
Norn	North Germanic
North Sea	West Germanic
Norway	West Germanic
Norwegian	Latin
nose	West Germanic
nosh	West Germanic
noso-	Greek
nosocomial	Latin
nosology	Latin
nostril	West Germanic
nota bene	Latin
notable	French
notary	French
notation	French
notch	French
note	French
nothing	West Germanic
notice	French
notification	French
notion	Latin
notoriety	French
notorious	Latin
nought	West Germanic
noumenon	Greek
nourish	French
nous	Greek
nova	Latin
novation	Latin
novel	French
novel	Romance (other)
novelty	French
November	French
novenary	Latin
novercal	Latin
novice	French
nowadays	West Germanic
nowhither	West Germanic
nuance	French
nubile	French
nucleolus	Latin
nude	French
nude	Latin
nudification	French
nudism	French
nudist	French
nugatory	Latin
null	French
nullifidian	Latin
nullify	Latin
nullity	French
number	French
numen	Latin
numerable	Latin
numeracy	Latin
numeral	French
numerate	Latin
numerator	Latin
numerical	Latin
numerology	Latin
numerosity	Latin
numerous	Latin
numismatist	French
nun	Latin
nuptial	French
Nuremberg	West Germanic
nurse	French
nursery	French
nurture	French
nut	West Germanic
nutation	Latin
nutria	Romance (other)
nutrient	Latin
nutriment	Latin
nutrition	French
nutritive	French
nycthemeron	Greek
nycti-	Latin
nymph	French
nymphomania	Greek
o&#x27;clock	West Germanic
oak	West Germanic
oar	West Germanic
oasis	French
ob-	Latin
Obadiah	Semitic
obambulation	Latin
obbligato	Romance (other)
obdurate	Latin
obduration	Latin
obedient	French
obeisance	French
obelisk	French
Oberon	French
obesity	French
obey	French
obfuscate	Latin
obfuscation	Latin
obit	French
obituary	Latin
object	French
objectify	Latin
objectivity	Latin
objurgate	Latin
objurgation	French
oblation	French
oblique	French
obliquity	French
obliteration	Latin
oblivion	French
oblivious	Latin
oblong	Latin
obloquy	Latin
obmutescence	Latin
obnoxious	Latin
obnubilate	Latin
oboe	Romance (other)
obol	Latin
obreption	Latin
obscene	French
obscenity	French
obscurant	French
obscurantism	West Germanic
obscuration	Latin
observable	Latin
observance	French
observation	French
observative	Latin
observatory	French
obsession	French
obsidian	Latin
obsolesce	Latin
obsolescent	Latin
obsolete	Latin
obstacle	French
obstetric	Latin
obstetrician	Latin
obstinacy	Latin
obstinance	Latin
obstinate	Latin
obstreperous	Latin
obstructive	Latin
obtain	French
obtrude	Latin
obtrusion	Latin
obtrusive	Latin
obtund	Latin
obtuse	Latin
obverse	Latin
obviate	Latin
obvious	Latin
occidental	French
occlusive	Latin
occult	French
occultation	Latin
occupant	French
occupy	French
occur	French
ocean	French
Oceania	French
oceanic	French
ocelot	French
ochlocracy	French
ochre	French
octahedron	Greek
octant	Latin
octavo	Latin
Octobrist	Slavic
octogenarian	Latin
octopod	Latin
octopus	Greek
octoroon	Latin
octuple	Latin
ocular	Latin
oculist	French
oculus	Latin
ode	French
odeon	Greek
odeum	Latin
odometer	French
odorous	Latin
Odysseus	Greek
oe	Latin
Oedipus	Greek
oeillade	French
oeno-	Greek
oenophile	French
oeuvre	French
offend	French
offense	French
offensive	French
offer	French
offer	West Germanic
offertory	Latin
officer	French
official	French
officinal	French
officious	Latin
ogham	Celtic
ogle	West Germanic
ogre	French
Ogygian	Greek
oh	West Germanic
Ojibwa	other
oleander	Latin
olfaction	Latin
olfactory	Latin
Olga	North Germanic
oligarch	French
oligarchic	Greek
oligarchy	French
oligo-	Greek
oligopoly	Latin
olio	Romance (other)
olive	French
Oliver	French
Olivia	Romance (other)
Olympiad	French
Olympic	Greek
Olympus	Greek
Omaha	other
ombre	French
ombro-	Greek
ombudsman	North Germanic
omega	Greek
omelet	French
omen	Latin
omer	Semitic
ominous	Latin
omit	Latin
omni-	Latin
omnibus	French
omnifarious	Latin
omnipotence	French
omnipotent	French
omnipresence	Latin
omnipresent	Latin
omniscience	Latin
omniscient	Latin
omnium gatherum	Latin
omnivorous	Latin
omphalic	Latin
omphalo-	Greek
omphalos	Greek
onager	Latin
one	West Germanic
oneiric	Greek
oneiro-	Greek
oneirocritic	Greek
onerous	French
only	West Germanic
onomastic	French
onomatology	Greek
onomatopoeia	Latin
onomatopoeic	French
Onondaga	other
onus	Latin
onyx	French
oolite	Latin
oolong	East Asian
-oon	Latin
opacity	French
opafication	French
opaque	Latin
opera	Romance (other)
operand	Latin
operant	Latin
operative	French
operculum	Latin
operetta	Romance (other)
operose	Latin
Ophelia	Greek
ophidian	Greek
ophio-	Greek
ophthalmia	Latin
ophthalmic	Latin
ophthalmo-	Greek
opiate	Latin
opinion	French
opisthography	Greek
opportune	French
oppose	French
opposite	French
oppress	French
oppression	French
oppressive	Latin
oppressor	French
opprobrious	French
opprobrium	Latin
opsigamy	Greek
opsimathy	Greek
optative	French
optic	French
optimacy	Latin
optimism	French
optimum	Latin
option	French
opulence	French
opulent	French
opus	Latin
-or	West Germanic
oracular	Latin
oral	Latin
orange	French
orangery	French
orate	Latin
oration	Latin
oratory	Latin
orb	French
orbicular	French
orbit	French
orchestra	Latin
orchestration	French
orchid	Latin
order	French
ordinal	French
ordinal	Latin
ordinate	Latin
ordination	French
Ordovician	Latin
ordure	French
oread	Latin
oregano	Romance (other)
Orestes	Greek
organdy	French
organelle	Latin
organic	Latin
organize	French
organza	French
orgiastic	Latin
orgy	French
oriel	French
orient	French
oriflamme	French
origin	Latin
original	French
Orion	Greek
Orkney	North Germanic
ormolu	French
ornament	French
ornithology	Latin
ornithopod	Latin
ornithopter	French
oro-	Greek
orogeny	French
orotund	Latin
orphan	Latin
Orphic	Latin
orpiment	French
Orson	French
ortho-	Greek
orthodox	Latin
orthodoxy	French
orthogonal	French
orthography	French
orthopedic	French
Ortygia	Greek
Orwellian	English 
oryx	Latin
Oscan	Latin
oscilloscope	Latin
oscine	Latin
oscitant	Latin
oscitate	Latin
osculate	Latin
osculation	Latin
Osiris	Latin
-osis	Latin
osmium	Greek
Osmond	West Germanic
osseous	Latin
ossicle	Latin
ossification	Latin
ossifrage	Latin
ossuary	Latin
ostensive	Latin
ostentation	French
osteo-	Greek
osteology	French
osteopathy	Greek
ostinato	Romance (other)
Ostmark	West Germanic
ostracism	French
ostrich	French
Oswald	West Germanic
otalgia	Greek
otherwise	West Germanic
otter	West Germanic
Ottoman	French
oubliette	French
ouch	West Germanic
oud	Semitic
oui	French
Ouija	French
ounce	French
outer	West Germanic
outrage	French
outrageous	French
outre	French
ouzo	Greek
oval	Latin
ovary	Latin
ovate	Latin
ovation	French
over-	West Germanic
overflow	West Germanic
overlay	West Germanic
override	West Germanic
overstand	West Germanic
overt	French
overture	French
ovi-	Latin
ovine	Latin
ovoid	Latin
ovular	Latin
ovum	Latin
Owen	Greek
owl	West Germanic
own	West Germanic
oxalic	French
oxidant	French
oxidation	French
oxide	French
Oxonian	Latin
oxy-	Greek
oxygen	French
oy	West Germanic
oyster	French
oz.	Romance (other)
Ozark	French
ozone	West Germanic
pabulum	Latin
pace	French
pace	Latin
pachy-	Latin
pachyderm	French
pacific	French
pacification	French
pacifism	French
pacifist	French
pacify	French
paddock	North Germanic
paddock	West Germanic
paean	Latin
paedeutics	Latin
Paedophryne	Greek
paeon	Latin
pagan	Latin
paganism	Latin
page	French
pageant	Latin
pagination	French
Pahlavi	Iranian
pail	French
pain	French
paint	French
painter	French
pajamas	Indian
palace	French
paladin	French
palanquin	Romance (other)
palate	French
palatial	French
palatine	French
palaver	Romance (other)
palazzo	Romance (other)
pale	French
paleo-	Latin
Paleocene	French
paleontology	French
Palestine	Greek
palestra	French
palette	French
palfrey	French
palindrome	Greek
palinode	French
palisade	French
pall	Latin
palladium	Latin
palliard	French
palliate	Latin
palliative	French
pallid	Latin
pallor	French
palm	French
palm	Latin
palmetto	Romance (other)
palomino	Romance (other)
palp	French
palpable	Latin
palpation	French
palpitate	Latin
palpitation	French
pampas	Romance (other)
pan-	Greek
panacea	Latin
panache	French
panatela	Romance (other)
pancreas	Latin
pandemic	Latin
pandemonium	Greek
pandiculation	Latin
Pandora	Greek
pane	French
panegyric	French
panel	French
panettone	Romance (other)
Pangaea	Greek
Panglossian	French
Panhellenic	Greek
panic	French
panne	French
pannier	French
panocha	Romance (other)
panoply	Greek
panoptic	Greek
panopticon	Greek
Panslavism	West Germanic
pantaloons	Romance (other)
panther	French
pantomime	Latin
pap	French
papa	French
papacy	Latin
papier-mache	French
papilla	Latin
papillary	Latin
papillon	French
papist	French
papoose	other
paprika	West Germanic
papule	Latin
papyrus	Latin
par excellence	Latin
par	French
par	Latin
para-	Greek
para-	Romance (other)
parabola	Latin
parabole	Greek
parabolic	Latin
parachute	French
paraclete	French
parade	French
paradigm	Latin
paragraph	French
Paraguay	Indian
parakeet	Romance (other)
parallax	French
parallel	French
parallelism	Greek
parallelogram	French
paralysis	Latin
paralytic	French
paralyze	French
paramecium	Greek
parameter	Latin
paranoia	Greek
parapet	French
paraphernalia	Latin
paraphilia	West Germanic
paraphrase	French
paraphrastic	Greek
parasite	French
parasol	French
parataxis	Greek
parboil	French
parcel	French
parch	French
parcheesi	Indian
pard	Latin
pardon	French
pardonable	French
pare	French
parenchyma	Greek
parent	French
parentage	French
parental	Latin
parenthesis	French
parhelion	Greek
parietal	Latin
pari-mutuel	French
parity	French
park	French
parka	other
parlay	French
parley	French
parleyvoo	French
parlor	French
parmaco-	Latin
Parmesan	Romance (other)
parodist	French
parole	French
paronym	Greek
parotid	French
Parousia	Greek
paroxysm	French
parquet	French
parricide	French
parry	French
parsimonious	Latin
parsimony	Latin
parsnip	French
parterre	French
parthenic	Greek
Parthian	Iranian
participant	French
participant	Latin
participation	French
participial	French
participle	French
particle	Latin
particular	French
particularity	French
particulate	Latin
partition	French
partitive	Latin
partridge	French
parturient	Latin
parturition	Latin
party	French
parvenu	French
Parzival	French
pas	French
pasha	Altaic
Pashto	Iranian
pass	French
passage	French
passant	French
passenger	French
passerine	Latin
passion	French
passionate	Latin
pasta	Romance (other)
pastel	French
pastor	French
pastoral	French
pastrami	West Germanic
pastry	West Germanic
pasturage	French
pasty	French
Patagonia	Romance (other)
patch	French
patch	Romance (other)
pate	French
pate	Latin
patella	Latin
patent	French
paternal	French
paternity	French
paternoster	Latin
path	West Germanic
pathetic	French
patho-	Greek
pathogenic	French
pathos	Greek
patience	French
patient	French
patina	French
patisserie	French
patois	French
patri-	Latin
patriarchy	Greek
patrician	French
patricide	French
Patrick	Celtic
patrimonial	French
patrimony	French
patriot	French
patriotic	French
patrol	French
patronage	French
patroness	Latin
patronymic	Latin
patroon	West Germanic
patten	French
paucity	French
pauldron	French
Pauline	Latin
paunch	French
pause	French
pave	French
pavement	French
paw	French
pawn	French
Pawnee	French
pax	Latin
pay	French
payment	French
paynim	French
pea	West Germanic
peaceable	French
peach	French
peacock	West Germanic
peahen	West Germanic
pear	Latin
pecan	French
peccadillo	Romance (other)
peccant	Latin
pectin	French
pectoral	French
peculate	Latin
peculiar	Latin
pecuniary	Latin
pecunious	Latin
pedagogic	Latin
pedagogical	Latin
pedagogue	French
pedal	French
pedant	French
pedantry	Romance (other)
pederasty	French
pedestal	French
pedestrian	Latin
pediatric	Greek
pediculous	Latin
pedicure	French
pedo-	Greek
pedology	Greek
pedometer	French
pedophilia	Greek
peduncle	Latin
pedunculated	Latin
peel	French
peel	West Germanic
peg	West Germanic
pegomancy	Latin
peignoir	French
pejorative	French
pelage	French
Pelagian	Latin
Pelasgian	Latin
pellagra	Latin
pellet	French
pell-mell	French
pellucid	Latin
pen	French
pen	West Germanic
penal	French
penalty	French
penates	Latin
penchant	French
pencil	French
pend	French
pendent	French
pendentive	French
pendular	French
pendulous	Latin
pendulum	Latin
Penelope	Greek
penetrable	Latin
penetrate	Latin
penetration	Latin
penicillin	Latin
peninsula	Latin
penis	French
penitence	French
penitent	French
penitentiary	Latin
pennon	French
pennyroyal	Latin
pension	French
pensive	French
penta-	Greek
pentacle	Latin
pentagon	French
pentagram	Greek
pentameter	French
Pentateuch	Latin
Pentecost	Latin
pentecostal	Latin
penumbra	Latin
Penzance	Celtic
peony	Latin
pepperoni	Romance (other)
pepsin	Greek
peptic	Latin
peptide	West Germanic
peptone	West Germanic
per-	Latin
perambulate	Latin
perceptible	Latin
perception	Latin
perchance	French
Percheron	French
percolation	Latin
percussion	Latin
percutaneous	Latin
perdition	French
perdurable	French
pere	French
peregrinate	Latin
peregrination	French
peregrine	French
perennial	Latin
perestroika	Slavic
perfect	French
perfecta	Romance (other)
perfection	French
perfervid	Latin
perfidious	Latin
perfidy	French
perforation	French
perforce	French
perfunctory	Latin
perfuse	Latin
perfusion	French
pergola	Romance (other)
perhaps	West Germanic
peri-	Greek
peri	Iranian
perianth	French
Pericles	Greek
pericope	Latin
peridot	French
perigee	Latin
peril	French
perilous	French
perimeter	Latin
perineum	Latin
periodic	French
periodicity	French
periosteum	Latin
peripatetic	French
periphery	French
periphrastic	French
perishable	French
peristyle	French
peritoneum	Latin
peritonitis	Greek
periwig	French
periwinkle	West Germanic
perjure	French
perjury	Latin
perk	French
permanence	French
permanent	French
permeable	Latin
permeant	Latin
permeate	Latin
permeation	Latin
permissible	French
permission	Latin
permissive	French
permit	French
permutation	French
permute	French
pernicious	French
perpetrate	Latin
perpetration	Latin
perpetrator	Latin
perpetual	French
perpetuity	French
perplex	Latin
perplexity	French
perquisite	Latin
perse	French
persea	Latin
persecute	French
persecution	French
Persephone	Greek
Perseus	Greek
perseverance	French
perseverant	French
perseveration	French
Persia	Greek
Persian	Latin
persist	French
persistence	French
persona	Latin
personage	French
personal	French
personnel	French
perspective	French
Perspex	Latin
perspicacious	Latin
perspicacity	French
perspicuity	Latin
perspicuous	Latin
perspiration	French
persuade	French
persuasion	French
pertain	French
pertinacity	French
pertinence	French
perturb	French
perturbate	Latin
pertussis	Latin
peruse	West Germanic
pervade	Latin
perverse	French
pervious	Latin
peso	Romance (other)
pessary	Latin
pessimism	French
pest	French
pester	Latin
pestilence	French
pestilent	Latin
pestilential	Latin
pestle	French
pesto	Romance (other)
petal	Latin
petard	French
petechia	Romance (other)
petite	French
petition	French
Petrarchan	other
petrification	French
petrify	French
petroglyph	French
petrol	French
petroleum	Latin
petulance	French
petulant	French
petunia	Latin
pewter	French
peyote	Romance (other)
pH	West Germanic
phago-	Greek
phagocyte	West Germanic
phalange	French
phalanstery	French
phalanx	Latin
phallic	Greek
phallus	Latin
phanero-	Greek
phantasm	French
phantasma	Latin
phantasmagoria	Greek
phantom	French
pharisaic	Latin
Pharisee	Latin
pharmacy	French
phase	Latin
phatic	Greek
pheme	Greek
phenetic	Greek
phenomenology	West Germanic
phenomenon	Latin
phenotype	West Germanic
phenyl	French
pheromone	Greek
phial	French
philanthrope	Latin
philanthropic	French
philharmonic	French
Philip	Latin
philippic	French
Philistine	French
philistine	West Germanic
philo-	Greek
philosophe	French
philosopher	Latin
philosophic	French
philosophy	French
philtre	French
philtrum	Greek
phimosis	Greek
phlebotomy	French
phloem	West Germanic
Phnom Penh	East Asian
-phobia	Latin
Phoebe	Latin
Phoebus	Latin
Phoenician	French
phoenix	Latin
phone	Greek
-phone	Greek
phoneme	French
phonetic	Latin
phonic	Greek
phonics	Greek
phoresy	French
phosphate	French
phosphor	Latin
phosphorescent	Latin
phosphorus	Latin
photic	Greek
photo-	Greek
phototropism	West Germanic
phrase	Latin
phraseology	Greek
phrenic	Latin
phthisic	French
phthisis	Latin
phyco-	Latin
phyletic	Greek
Phyllis	Latin
phyllo	Greek
phyllo-	Greek
phylogeny	West Germanic
phylum	Greek
physic	French
physical	Latin
physician	French
physio-	Greek
physique	French
-phyte	Greek
phyto-	Greek
pianissimo	Romance (other)
pianist	French
piano	French
piaster	French
pibroch	Celtic
pica	Latin
picador	Romance (other)
picaresque	Romance (other)
picayune	French
piccolo	French
pickaxe	Latin
picket	French
picnic	French
pico-	Romance (other)
Pict	Latin
pictograph	Latin
picture	Latin
picturesque	Romance (other)
pie	French
piece de resistance	French
piece	French
Piedmont	Romance (other)
piepowder	Latin
pier	Latin
pierrot	French
Pieta	Romance (other)
piety	French
pigsney	West Germanic
pike	West Germanic
pilaf	Altaic
pilar	Latin
pilaster	French
pile	West Germanic
pileated	Latin
piles	Latin
pilgrim	French
pill	West Germanic
pillage	French
pillion	Latin
pillow	West Germanic
pilot	French
pilsner	other
pimp	French
pimpernel	French
pina colada	Romance (other)
pinata	Romance (other)
pinch	French
Pindaric	Latin
pineal	French
pinguid	Latin
pinkie	West Germanic
pinnace	French
pinnacle	French
pinnate	Latin
pinniped	Latin
pinochle	West Germanic
pinscher	West Germanic
pint	French
pinto	Romance (other)
pinyin	East Asian
pion	Greek
pioneer	French
pip	West Germanic
pipe	French
pipette	French
piquant	French
pique	French
piracy	Latin
piranha	Romance (other)
pirate	Latin
pirogue	French
pirouette	French
piscatology	Latin
piscatory	Latin
Pisces	Latin
piscivorous	Latin
pistachio	Romance (other)
piste	French
pistil	French
pistle	Latin
pistol	French
pistole	French
piston	French
pit	West Germanic
pita	Semitic
pitcher	French
pith	West Germanic
pitiable	French
piton	French
pittance	French
pity	French
Pius	Latin
pizzicato	Romance (other)
pizzle	West Germanic
placable	French
placard	French
placation	French
placatory	Latin
place	French
placenta	Latin
placental	Latin
placid	French
placidity	Latin
plagal	Latin
plage	French
plagio-	Greek
plague	French
plague	West Germanic
plaice	French
plain	French
plan	French
planar	Latin
planchet	French
planet	French
plangent	Latin
plani-	Latin
planisphere	Latin
plank	French
plant	Latin
plantain	Romance (other)
plantar	Latin
plantation	French
plantigrade	French
planxty	Latin
plaque	French
-plasia	Latin
-plasm	Greek
plasma	Latin
-plast	Greek
plastic	Latin
plastid	West Germanic
plastron	French
-plasty	Greek
plat	French
plate	French
plateau	French
platen	French
platform	French
platinum	Romance (other)
platitude	French
Platonic	Latin
plaudit	Latin
plausible	Latin
plaza	Romance (other)
pleasance	French
pleasant	French
pleasantry	French
please	French
pleasure	French
plebeian	Latin
plebiscite	French
plectrum	Latin
pledge	French
Pleiades	Latin
pleio-	Greek
pleiotropy	West Germanic
Pleistocene	Greek
plenipotentiary	French
plenitude	French
plenteous	French
plenty	French
plenum	Latin
pleonasm	Latin
plesiosaurus	Latin
plethora	Latin
pleura	Greek
pleurisy	French
pleuro-	Greek
-plex	Latin
pliant	French
plie	French
plight	West Germanic
Plimsoll	other
plot	French
pluck	West Germanic
plug	West Germanic
plumage	French
plumassier	French
plumb	French
plumbago	Latin
plumber	French
plumbic	Latin
plumbous	Latin
plume	French
plummet	French
plump	West Germanic
plunder	West Germanic
plunge	French
plural	French
plurality	French
pluri-	Latin
plus	Latin
plush	French
plutarchy	Greek
plutocracy	Greek
plutogogue	Greek
plutolatry	Greek
plutomania	Greek
Plutonian	Latin
plutonomic	Greek
pluvial	French
ply	French
pneuma	Greek
pneumatic	Latin
pneumato-	Greek
pneumo-	Greek
pneumono-	Greek
pneumothorax	French
poco	Romance (other)
podium	Latin
poem	French
poet	French
poetaster	French
poetry	French
pogon-	Greek
poi	other
poignant	French
poilu	French
point	French
point	Latin
pointe	French
pointillism	French
poise	French
poison	French
poke	French
polar	French
polarize	French
polder	West Germanic
pole	French
pole	Latin
Pole	West Germanic
polemarch	Greek
polemic	French
polemicist	Greek
polemology	Greek
polenta	Latin
police	French
Polichinelle	Romance (other)
policy	French
poliomyelitis	Greek
polis	Greek
-polis	Greek
polish	French
Politburo	Slavic
polite	Latin
politesse	French
politic	French
political	Latin
politicaster	Romance (other)
politico-	Latin
politico	Romance (other)
polka	French
pollen	Latin
pollution	Latin
polonaise	French
poltergeist	West Germanic
poltroon	French
poly-	Greek
polychrome	French
polydactyl	French
polydipsia	Greek
Polydorus	Latin
polyethylene	French
polyglot	Greek
polygon	Latin
polygraph	Greek
polyhedron	Latin
polyhistor	Greek
polymath	Greek
polymerase	Greek
polymorph	Greek
polymorphous	Greek
polyp	French
polyphagia	Greek
polyphonic	Greek
polyploidy	West Germanic
polysemous	Latin
polysemy	French
polysyllabic	Latin
polytechnic	French
polytheism	French
pomace	French
pomaceous	Latin
pomade	French
pome	French
pomegranate	French
pommel	French
Pomona	Latin
pomp	French
Pompeii	Latin
pompom	French
pompous	French
poncho	Romance (other)
ponder	French
ponderous	Latin
Pongo	other
poniard	French
pons	Latin
pontiff	French
pontifical	French
pontificate	Latin
pontoon	French
Pontus	Greek
poodle	West Germanic
pool	French
poop	French
pope	Latin
popinjay	French
poplin	French
poppy	West Germanic
populace	French
popular	French
popularity	French
populate	Latin
population	Latin
populist	Latin
porcelain	French
porch	French
porcine	French
porcupine	French
pore	French
pore	West Germanic
Porifera	Latin
pork	French
porous	French
porphyry	French
porringer	West Germanic
port	French
port	Latin
portable	French
portage	French
portal	French
porte-cochere	French
portend	Latin
portent	French
portentous	Latin
portfolio	Romance (other)
portico	Romance (other)
portiere	French
portion	French
portmanteau	French
portraiture	French
Portugal	Latin
Portuguese	Romance (other)
pose	French
poseur	French
posit	Latin
possession	French
possessive	French
post-	Latin
post	West Germanic
posterior	Latin
posteriority	French
posterity	French
postern	French
posthumous	Latin
postillon	French
post-mortem	Latin
post-partum	Latin
postpone	Latin
postscript	Latin
postulant	French
potable	French
potage	French
potamo-	Greek
potassium	Latin
potato	Romance (other)
poteen	Celtic
potence	French
potency	Latin
potent	Latin
potential	French
potentiate	Latin
pothole	West Germanic
potion	French
potlatch	other
potpourri	French
pottage	French
potter	West Germanic
pottery	French
pouf	French
poultice	Latin
pounce	French
pounce	West Germanic
pound	West Germanic
poverty	French
practic	French
practicable	French
practical	French
practice	French
Prado	Latin
prae-	Latin
praecipe	Latin
Praesepe	Latin
Praetorian	Latin
pragmatic	French
pragmatical	Latin
pragmatism	Greek
prairie	French
praise	French
pram	North Germanic
prandial	Latin
Pratt	West Germanic
pravity	Latin
pray	French
prayer	French
pre-	French
preacher	French
precarious	Latin
precatory	Latin
precaution	French
precede	French
precedent	French
precent	Latin
precentor	Latin
precept	French
preception	Latin
preceptor	Latin
precession	Latin
precieuse	French
precinct	Latin
precipe	Latin
precipice	French
precipitant	Latin
precipitate	Latin
precis	French
precise	French
precision	French
preclude	Latin
preclusion	Latin
precocity	French
precognition	Latin
precursor	French
predation	Latin
predator	Latin
predatory	Latin
predecessor	French
predestination	French
predestine	French
predicament	Latin
predicate	Latin
predication	French
predictive	Latin
predilection	French
predominant	French
predominate	Latin
pre-eminence	Latin
pre-eminent	Latin
preen	French
preface	French
prefatory	Latin
prefect	French
prefecture	French
prefer	French
prefix	French
prefix	Latin
preformed	Latin
pregnant	Latin
prehensile	French
prehension	Latin
prejudice	French
prelate	French
preliminary	French
prelude	French
premature	Latin
premeditation	French
premier	French
preoccupation	Latin
preponderance	Latin
preponderant	Latin
preponderate	Latin
preposition	Latin
preposterous	Latin
prepuce	French
presage	Latin
presby-	Greek
presbycousis	Greek
presbyopia	Greek
presbytery	Latin
prescience	French
prescribe	Latin
prescription	French
presence	French
present	French
presentation	French
preside	French
presidency	Latin
president	French
presidential	Latin
presidio	Romance (other)
Presidium	Slavic
press	French
press	Latin
pressure	French
prestidigitation	French
prestidigitator	French
prestige	French
prestigious	Latin
presto	Romance (other)
presumption	French
presumptive	French
presuppose	French
pret a porter	French
pretend	French
pretension	Latin
pretentious	French
preter-	Latin
preternatural	Latin
preterperfect	Latin
pretext	French
pretzel	West Germanic
prevail	French
prevalence	French
prevalent	Latin
prevaricator	French
prevent	Latin
preventive	Latin
previous	Latin
prey	French
priapism	Latin
prick	West Germanic
prima donna	Romance (other)
primal	Latin
primate	French
primavera	Latin
prime	Latin
primipara	Latin
primitive	Latin
primo	Romance (other)
primogenitor	Latin
primogeniture	French
prince	French
princess	French
principal	French
principality	French
print	French
prioress	Latin
priority	French
prison	French
pristine	French
private	Latin
privation	French
privative	Latin
privilege	French
privity	French
privy	French
prize	French
pro	Latin
pro-	Latin
probable	French
proband	Latin
probate	Latin
probative	Latin
probity	French
problem	French
problematic	French
proboscis	Latin
procedure	French
proceed	French
procerity	Latin
process	French
procession	French
processional	Latin
proclamation	French
proclitic	Latin
proclivity	French
proconsul	Latin
procrastination	French
procreant	Latin
procreation	French
proctology	Greek
procumbent	Latin
procurator	French
procure	French
procurement	French
prod	West Germanic
prodigality	French
prodigious	French
produce	Latin
product	Latin
production	French
productive	French
proem	French
profanation	French
profanity	Latin
profer	French
profession	French
professor	French
profit	Latin
profligate	Latin
profound	French
progeny	French
prognosis	Latin
prognostic	Latin
prognostication	French
program	Latin
programmatic	Greek
progress	French
prohibit	Latin
projection	French
prokaryote	French
prolapse	Latin
prolegomenon	Greek
prolepsis	Latin
proletariat	French
prolicide	Latin
proliferation	French
prolix	French
prologue	French
prolongation	French
prominent	Latin
promiscuity	French
promise	French
promissory	Latin
promontory	French
promote	French
promotion	French
promulgate	Latin
promulgation	French
pronate	Latin
pronation	French
prone	Latin
pronominal	Latin
pronounce	French
pronto	Romance (other)
pronunciation	French
prop	West Germanic
propaedeutic	Greek
propagate	Latin
propagation	French
propel	Latin
propensity	Latin
proper	French
prophecy	French
prophesy	French
prophetic	French
prophylactic	French
prophylaxis	Greek
propinquity	French
propitiation	Latin
propitiatory	Latin
propone	Latin
proponent	Latin
proport	French
proportion	French
proportionate	Latin
propose	French
propound	Latin
proprietary	Latin
propriety	French
prosaic	French
proscenium	Latin
proscription	Latin
proscriptive	Latin
prose	French
prosecute	Latin
prosecution	French
proselyte	French
prosodemic	Greek
prosody	Latin
prosopagnosia	West Germanic
prosopopeia	Latin
prospectus	French
prosper	French
prostate	French
prostitution	French
prostrate	Latin
prostration	French
protagonist	Greek
protect	Latin
protector	French
protege	French
protein	French
proteinuria	French
protero-	Greek
protest	French
Protestant	West Germanic
protestation	French
prothalamion	Greek
prothonotary	Latin
protist	Latin
prototype	French
Protozoa	Latin
protraction	French
protractor	Latin
protrude	Latin
protuberance	Latin
protuberant	French
proud	French
provable	French
prove	French
provection	Latin
provedore	Romance (other)
provenance	French
Provencal	French
Provence	Latin
provenience	Latin
proverb	French
provide	Latin
providence	French
provident	Latin
providential	Latin
province	French
provincial	French
proviso	Latin
provocate	Latin
provocateur	French
provocation	French
provocative	French
provoke	French
provost	Latin
prow	French
prowess	French
proximal	Latin
proximate	Latin
proximity	French
proxy	Latin
prude	French
prudence	French
prudent	French
prudential	Latin
prunella	French
prurient	Latin
pruritus	Latin
psalm	French
psalmist	French
psalter	Latin
psaltery	French
psammo-	Greek
psephocracy	Greek
psephology	Greek
pseudepigraphy	Latin
pseudo-	Greek
pseudonymous	Latin
pseudopod	Latin
psilo-	Greek
psilosis	Greek
psittacism	French
psoas	Greek
psychedelic	Greek
psychiatric	French
psychiatry	French
psychic	Greek
psycho-	Greek
psychology	Latin
psychopomp	Greek
psychosis	Greek
psychosomatic	Greek
psychro-	Latin
psychrometer	Latin
pterodactyl	French
ptomaine	Romance (other)
pubes	Latin
pubic	Latin
public	French
publican	French
publicity	French
puce	French
pudendum	Latin
pudeur	French
puericulture	French
puerility	French
puerperium	Latin
pugilism	Latin
pugilist	Latin
pugnacity	Latin
puissance	French
puissant	French
pulchritude	Latin
pule	French
pull	West Germanic
pulley	French
pullulate	Latin
pulmonary	French
pulque	Romance (other)
pulsation	French
pulse	French
pulverize	Latin
pumiceous	Latin
pump	West Germanic
pumpkin	French
punch	French
punch	Indian
punctate	Latin
punctilious	Romance (other)
punctual	Latin
punctuation	Latin
puncture	Latin
pundit	Indian
punish	French
punitive	French
Punjab	Indian
punt	Latin
puny	French
pupil	French
puppet	French
puppy	French
pur-	Latin
Purana	Indian
purgative	French
purgery	French
Purim	Semitic
purity	French
purl	West Germanic
purple	Latin
purpurescent	Latin
purser	West Germanic
pursuance	French
pursuant	French
purulent	French
purveyor	French
pus	Latin
push	French
pussy	North Germanic
putative	French
putrefaction	French
putrefy	French
putrescence	Latin
putrid	Latin
putridity	Latin
putsch	West Germanic
puttee	Indian
putty	French
puy	French
pycno-	Latin
pyelo-	Greek
pygmy	Latin
pylorus	Latin
pyo-	Greek
Pyongyang	East Asian
pyracanth	Latin
pyramid	French
pyre	Latin
pyretic	French
pyrexia	Greek
pyrgologist	Greek
pyrite	French
pyro-	Greek
pyrolusite	Greek
pyrrhic	Latin
Pythagorean	Latin
pythoness	French
pyx	Latin
qua	Latin
quadrangle	French
quadrangular	Latin
quadrat	French
quadratic	Latin
quadrille	French
quadrillion	French
quadripartite	Latin
quadrivium	Latin
quadroon	Romance (other)
quadruped	French
quadruple	French
quadruplicate	Latin
quadruplication	Latin
quaff	West Germanic
quag	West Germanic
quai	French
quail	French
quail	West Germanic
quaint	French
qualification	French
qualify	French
qualitative	Latin
quality	French
quantify	Latin
quantitative	Latin
quantum	Latin
quarantine	Latin
quarrel	French
quarry	Latin
quarter	French
quartermaster	French
quartet	French
quaternary	Latin
Quatorze	French
quatrefoil	French
quattrocento	Romance (other)
quay	French
Quercus	West Germanic
querent	Latin
quern	West Germanic
query	Latin
quest	French
queue	French
quey	North Germanic
qui vive	French
quib	Latin
quicksand	West Germanic
quid	West Germanic
quiddity	Latin
quidnunc	Latin
quiescence	Latin
quiescent	Latin
quiet	French
quietism	Romance (other)
quill	West Germanic
quince	French
quinella	Romance (other)
quinquennial	Latin
quinsy	French
quint	French
quintal	French
quintet	Romance (other)
quintile	Latin
quintillion	Latin
quintuple	French
quinzane	French
quip	Latin
quirt	Romance (other)
quisling	other
quit	French
quits	Latin
quiver	West Germanic
quixotic	other
quiz	Latin
quorum	Latin
quota	Latin
quote	French
quotidian	French
quotient	Latin
Quran	Semitic
Ra	other
Rabat	Semitic
rabbi	Latin
rabbinical	French
rabbit	French
rabble	French
rabies	Latin
race	North Germanic
raceme	Latin
rack	West Germanic
raconteur	French
racquet	French
radial	Latin
radiant	French
radiate	Latin
radicand	Latin
radicle	Latin
radicular	Latin
radioactive	French
radioactivity	French
radish	Latin
radium	French
radius	Latin
Radnor	West Germanic
radon	West Germanic
radula	Latin
raffia	other
raft	West Germanic
ragamuffin	West Germanic
rage	French
ragout	French
Rahab	Semitic
raid	West Germanic
rail	French
raison d&#x27;etre	French
raisonne	French
Raj	Indian
Rama	Indian
ramada	Romance (other)
Ramadan	Semitic
ramekin	French
ramification	French
ramify	French
ramp	French
rampage	West Germanic
rampart	French
ramus	Latin
ranch	Romance (other)
ranchero	Romance (other)
rancid	Latin
rancor	French
Randal	West Germanic
Randolph	North Germanic
range	French
rankle	French
ransom	French
rant	West Germanic
rapacious	Latin
rapacity	French
rape	French
raphe	Greek
rapid	French
rapidity	French
rapids	French
rapier	French
rapine	French
rapparee	Celtic
rapport	French
rapportage	French
rapporteur	French
rapprochement	French
rapscallion	West Germanic
rapt	Latin
rapture	French
rara avis	Latin
rare	French
rare	West Germanic
rarefaction	French
rarefy	French
rarity	French
ras	Semitic
rascal	French
rase	French
rash	French
rash	West Germanic
rasp	French
rasp	West Germanic
rastaquouere	French
raster	West Germanic
rat	Latin
ratatouille	French
rate	French
rathskeller	West Germanic
ratification	French
ratio	Latin
ratiocinate	Latin
ratiocination	Latin
rational	French
rationality	French
rattle	West Germanic
raucous	Latin
ravage	French
rave	French
ravel	West Germanic
ravenous	French
ravine	French
ravish	French
ravishment	French
ray	French
Raymond	French
Reagan	Celtic
real	French
real	Romance (other)
reality	French
realize	French
realm	French
realpolitik	West Germanic
ream	French
rear	French
reason	French
reasonable	French
rebarbative	French
rebate	French
rebec	French
rebel	French
rebellion	French
rebellious	Latin
rebound	French
rebus	Latin
rebut	French
recalcitrance	French
recalcitrant	French
recalcitrate	Latin
receive	French
receptacle	French
receptive	Latin
receptor	French
recession	French
recherche	French
recidivate	Latin
recidivist	French
recipe	French
recipient	French
reciprocation	Latin
reciprocity	French
recision	French
recitation	French
recitative	Romance (other)
recite	French
reck	West Germanic
reclaim	French
reclamation	French
recline	French
recognition	French
recognizance	French
recoil	French
recollect	Latin
recollection	French
recommend	Latin
recommendation	French
recompense	French
reconcile	French
reconciliation	French
reconnaissance	French
reconquer	French
reconsider	French
record	French
recordation	Latin
recoup	French
recourse	French
recoverable	French
recreant	French
recrement	French
recriminate	Latin
recrimination	French
recruit	French
rectangle	French
rectangular	French
rectification	French
rectify	French
recto	Latin
rectory	French
recumbent	Latin
recuperate	Latin
recuperation	Latin
recurrent	French
recursion	Latin
recursive	Latin
recuse	French
redact	Latin
redaction	French
redd	West Germanic
redingote	French
redolence	French
redolent	French
redoubtable	French
redound	French
redress	French
reduce	French
reduction	French
reductive	Latin
redundance	Latin
redundant	Latin
reduplicate	Latin
reduplication	French
reebok	West Germanic
refectory	Latin
refer	French
reflexive	Latin
reflexology	West Germanic
reflux	Latin
reform	French
reformation	French
refraction	Latin
refractive	Latin
refractory	Latin
refrain	French
refresh	French
refreshment	French
refrigerant	Latin
refrigeration	Latin
refugee	French
refulgence	Latin
refulgent	French
refund	French
refuse	French
refutation	French
refute	French
regal	French
regale	French
regalia	Latin
regency	Latin
regenerate	Latin
regeneration	Latin
regicide	Latin
regiment	French
Reginald	West Germanic
regional	Latin
register	French
registrar	Latin
registration	French
regnant	Latin
regolith	Greek
regress	Latin
regression	Latin
regret	French
regular	French
regularity	French
regulate	Latin
rehabilitation	French
Reich	West Germanic
Reichstag	West Germanic
reification	Latin
reign	French
rein	French
reintegration	French
reject	French
rejection	French
rejoin	French
rejuvenescence	Latin
rejuvenescent	Latin
relapse	Latin
relax	French
relaxant	Latin
relaxation	French
release	French
relegate	Latin
relegation	Latin
relevant	French
releve	French
relieve	French
religate	Latin
religiosity	French
reliquary	French
reluctant	Latin
rely	French
remain	French
remediable	French
remedial	Latin
remedy	French
remember	French
remembrance	French
reminiscence	French
reminiscent	Latin
remiss	Latin
remission	French
remitter	French
remnant	French
remonstrance	French
remonstration	Latin
remora	Latin
remorse	French
remount	French
remove	French
remuneration	French
renal	French
renascent	Latin
render	French
rendezvous	French
renin	West Germanic
renminbi	East Asian
renovation	French
rent	French
rentier	French
renunciation	Latin
repair	French
reparable	French
reparation	French
repartee	French
repass	French
repassage	French
repast	French
repatriate	Latin
repatriation	Latin
repay	French
repeat	French
repellent	Latin
repent	French
repentance	French
repentant	French
repercussion	French
repercussive	French
repertoire	French
repertory	Latin
repetitious	Latin
repetitive	Latin
repletion	French
replicable	Latin
replicate	Latin
reply	French
report	French
reportorial	Latin
repose	French
repose	Latin
reprehend	Latin
reprehensible	French
represent	French
representation	French
representative	French
repressive	French
reprieve	French
reprimand	French
reproach	French
reprobate	Latin
reprobation	Latin
reproof	French
reprove	French
Reptilia	Latin
republic	French
repudiate	Latin
repudiation	Latin
repugn	French
repugnance	French
repulse	Latin
repulsion	Latin
repulsive	French
reputation	Latin
repute	French
request	French
requiescat	Latin
require	French
requisite	Latin
requisition	French
rescind	French
rescission	Latin
resection	Latin
resemble	French
resentment	French
reservation	French
reserve	French
reservist	French
reside	French
residence	French
residue	French
resignation	French
resilience	Latin
resist	French
resistance	French
resistant	French
resonance	French
resonant	Latin
resonate	Latin
resorb	French
resort	French
resound	French
resource	French
respiration	Latin
respire	French
respite	French
resplendence	Latin
resplendent	Latin
respondent	Latin
response	French
responsive	French
restaurant	French
restaurateur	French
restitute	French
restitution	French
restive	French
restoration	French
restorative	French
restraint	French
restrict	Latin
restriction	French
restrictive	French
result	Latin
resumption	French
resuscitate	Latin
ret	West Germanic
retail	French
retain	French
retaliate	Latin
retaliation	Latin
retardation	Latin
retch	West Germanic
retentive	French
reticence	French
reticular	Latin
reticule	French
retina	Latin
retinue	French
retire	French
retirement	French
retortion	Latin
retouch	French
retrace	French
retraction	Latin
retribute	Latin
retribution	French
retrieve	French
retroflex	Latin
retrogression	Latin
retrogressive	Latin
retrospect	Latin
retrousse	French
retroversion	Latin
return	French
reunite	Latin
revanche	French
reveal	French
reveille	French
revel	French
revelation	French
reveler	French
revenant	French
revenge	French
reverberation	French
revere	French
reverence	French
reverent	French
reverential	Latin
reverie	French
reversion	French
revert	French
revetment	French
revise	French
revision	French
revisit	French
revive	French
revocable	French
revocation	French
revoke	French
revolution	French
revolve	French
revue	French
revulsion	French
reward	French
rex	Latin
Reykjavik	North Germanic
Reynold	French
Rhadamanthus	Latin
Rhaetian	Latin
rhapsodic	Greek
rhapsodist	French
rhapsody	French
rhea	Greek
rhenium	Latin
rheo-	Greek
rheology	French
rheostat	Greek
rhetoric	French
rhetorical	Latin
rheum	French
rheumatic	French
rheumatism	Latin
rheumatoid	Greek
rheumatology	Greek
Rhine	West Germanic
rhino-	Greek
rhinoceros	Latin
rhizoid	Greek
rhizome	Latin
rhizophagous	Greek
rhodium	Greek
rhododendron	French
rhomb	French
rhombus	Latin
rhonchus	Latin
rhotacism	Latin
rhubarb	French
rhyme	West Germanic
rhythm	Latin
rhythmic	French
ria	Latin
riata	Romance (other)
ribaldry	French
riboflavin	West Germanic
ribose	West Germanic
rice	French
rickshaw	East Asian
ricochet	French
ricotta	Romance (other)
riddle	West Germanic
ridicule	French
ridiculous	Latin
Riesling	West Germanic
rifle	French
Rigel	Semitic
right	West Germanic
righteous	West Germanic
rigid	Latin
rigidity	Latin
rigor mortis	Latin
rigor	French
rigorous	French
rink	French
rinse	French
rioter	French
riotous	French
ripe	West Germanic
riposte	French
risible	French
risk	French
risotto	Romance (other)
rite	Latin
ritual	French
rival	Latin
rivet	French
Riviera	Romance (other)
rivulet	Romance (other)
roach	French
roam	West Germanic
roan	French
roast	French
rob	French
robbery	French
Robert	French
Robin	French
robust	French
roc	Semitic
rock	West Germanic
rocket	French
rocket	Romance (other)
rodent	Latin
Roderick	West Germanic
rogation	Latin
Roger	French
roil	French
role	French
roll	French
romaine	French
roman	French
Roman	Latin
romance	French
Romance	French
romancer	French
Romansh	other
romantic	French
Rome	French
Ronald	North Germanic
rondeau	French
rondel	French
rondo	Romance (other)
rooibos	West Germanic
rook	French
roose	North Germanic
root	West Germanic
Rosa	Latin
rosary	Latin
rose	French
rose	Latin
roseate	Latin
rosemary	Latin
rosette	French
Rosh Hashanah	Semitic
rosin	French
roster	West Germanic
rostral	Latin
rotary	Latin
rotation	Latin
rote	Latin
Rothschild	other
rotisserie	French
rotogravure	West Germanic
rotund	Latin
Rotwelsch	West Germanic
rough	West Germanic
roulette	French
roundel	French
roundelay	French
roundhouse	West Germanic
rout	French
route	French
routine	French
rove	West Germanic
rover	West Germanic
rowel	French
royal	French
rubaiyat	Semitic
Rubicon	Latin
rubicund	French
ruble	Slavic
rubric	French
ruby	French
ruche	French
rucksack	West Germanic
rudder	West Germanic
rude	French
rudiment	French
Rudolph	West Germanic
Rudra	Indian
rue	Latin
ruffian	French
ruffle	North Germanic
rufous	Latin
Rufus	Latin
rug	North Germanic
rugae	Latin
rugged	North Germanic
ruin	French
ruminate	Latin
rumination	Latin
rumor	French
Rumpelstiltskin	West Germanic
rumple	West Germanic
runcinate	Latin
runnel	West Germanic
Runnymede	West Germanic
rupee	Indian
rupture	Latin
rural	French
ruse	French
rusk	Romance (other)
Russell	French
russet	French
Russia	Latin
Russian	Latin
rusticate	Latin
rusticity	French
rut	French
rut	West Germanic
Ruth	Semitic
Ruthenian	Latin
S.P.Q.R.	Latin
Saar	West Germanic
Sabbatarian	Latin
sabbatical	Latin
Sabean	Latin
saber	French
Sabine	Latin
sable	French
sabotage	French
Sabra	Semitic
sabulous	Latin
sac	French
Sac	French
saccade	French
sacerdotal	French
sachet	French
sack	French
sack	Latin
sackbut	French
sacral	Latin
sacramental	French
sacrifice	French
sacrificial	Latin
sacrilege	French
sacrilegious	Latin
sacristan	Latin
sacrosanct	Latin
sacrum	Latin
Sadducee	Latin
safe	French
safety	French
saga	North Germanic
sagacious	Latin
sage	French
Sahara	Semitic
sain	Latin
saint	French
sake	East Asian
sal	French
salacious	Latin
salat	Semitic
salient	Latin
salivary	Latin
salivation	French
salmagundi	French
salon	French
salsify	French
saltation	Latin
saltire	French
saltpeter	French
salubrious	Latin
salubrity	Latin
salutary	French
salutatory	Latin
salve	West Germanic
salver	French
salvia	Latin
salvific	Latin
salvo	Romance (other)
samadhi	Indian
samara	Latin
Samaritan	Latin
samba	Romance (other)
same	West Germanic
Samhain	Celtic
samisen	East Asian
samite	French
Samnite	Latin
Samos	Greek
samovar	Slavic
Samoyed	Slavic
sampan	East Asian
samsara	Indian
samurai	East Asian
sanatorium	Latin
sanctification	Latin
sanctify	French
sanctimony	French
sanction	Latin
sanctitude	Latin
sanctity	French
sanctum	Latin
sandal	French
sandalwood	French
sandblind	West Germanic
sang-froid	French
sangrail	French
sanguine	French
sanguineous	Latin
sanguinivorous	Latin
sanguinous	French
sanitary	French
sanity	French
sans	French
sansei	East Asian
Sanskrit	Indian
sans-serif	French
sapid	Latin
sapient	French
saponification	French
Sapphic	French
Saracen	French
sarco-	Latin
sarcoma	Greek
sarcophagus	Latin
sardine	Latin
Sardinia	Greek
sargasso	Romance (other)
sari	Indian
sark	North Germanic
Sarmatia	Greek
sarsaparilla	Romance (other)
sartorial	Latin
sash	Semitic
sashay	French
Sassenach	Celtic
sate	West Germanic
satellite	French
satiate	Latin
satin	French
satinette	French
satire	French
satiric	French
satirical	Latin
satirize	French
satisfaction	French
satisfactory	French
satrap	Latin
sattva	Indian
saturate	Latin
Saturn	Latin
saturnalia	Latin
saturnine	West Germanic
satyagraha	Indian
satyr	Latin
satyriasis	Greek
satyric	Latin
Saul	Latin
saurian	Latin
sausage	French
saute	French
savage	French
savannah	Romance (other)
savant	French
savate	French
saveloy	Romance (other)
savor	French
Savoy	Latin
savvy	Latin
saw	West Germanic
saxifrage	French
saxophone	French
sayyid	Semitic
scabies	Latin
scabrous	Latin
scalar	Latin
scale	French
scale	Latin
scale	North Germanic
scallop	French
scalpel	Latin
scamper	West Germanic
scampi	Greek
scan	Latin
scandalous	French
Scandinavia	Latin
Scandinavian	Latin
scandium	Latin
scansion	Latin
scape	Latin
scaphoid	Latin
scapula	Latin
scar	French
scar	North Germanic
scarce	French
scarcity	French
scarification	French
scarify	French
scarlatina	Latin
scarp	Romance (other)
scat	Greek
scatology	West Germanic
scenario	Romance (other)
scene	French
scenic	French
scent	French
scepter	French
schatzi	West Germanic
schedule	French
schema	Greek
schematic	Latin
scherzo	Romance (other)
schism	French
schist	French
schizo-	Latin
schizoid	West Germanic
schlemiel	West Germanic
schlep	West Germanic
schlock	West Germanic
schlong	West Germanic
schmaltz	West Germanic
schmear	West Germanic
schmendrick	West Germanic
schmooze	West Germanic
schmuck	West Germanic
schnapps	West Germanic
schnauzer	West Germanic
schnitzel	West Germanic
schnook	West Germanic
schnozz	West Germanic
scholar	Latin
scholastic	French
school	Latin
school	West Germanic
schottische	West Germanic
schuhplattler	West Germanic
schwa	West Germanic
Schwenkfeldian	other
sciamachy	Greek
science	French
scientific	French
scientist	Latin
Scilly	West Germanic
scimitar	French
scintillate	Latin
scintillation	Latin
sciolist	Latin
sciomancy	Latin
scission	French
sclera	Greek
sclero-	Latin
scold	North Germanic
scolex	Latin
sconce	Latin
scone	West Germanic
scoop	West Germanic
scopophilia	Greek
scoptic	Latin
scorch	North Germanic
Scorpio	Latin
scorpion	French
Scot	Latin
scotoma	Latin
Scott	West Germanic
scoundrel	Latin
scour	North Germanic
scour	West Germanic
scourge	French
scout	French
scow	West Germanic
scrabble	West Germanic
scrap	North Germanic
scrape	North Germanic
scrawl	West Germanic
screw	French
scribble	Latin
scribe	Latin
script	French
scriptorium	Latin
scriptural	Latin
scripture	Latin
scrivener	French
scrod	West Germanic
scrofula	Latin
scrotum	Latin
scrub	West Germanic
scruple	French
scrutiny	Latin
scudo	Latin
scullery	French
sculpt	French
sculptor	Latin
sculpture	Latin
scum	West Germanic
scupper	French
scurrility	Latin
scurvy	North Germanic
scuttle	Latin
Scythian	Latin
seal	French
seamstress	West Germanic
search	French
season	French
sebaceous	Latin
Sebastian	Latin
sec	Latin
secateurs	French
secede	Latin
secession	Latin
seclude	Latin
seclusion	Latin
second nature	Latin
second	French
secret	Latin
secretaire	French
secretariat	French
secretary	Latin
secretion	French
sect	French
sectarian	Latin
sectary	French
section	French
sector	Latin
secure	Latin
security	Latin
sedate	Latin
sedation	French
sedative	Latin
sedentary	French
Seder	Semitic
sederunt	West Germanic
sediment	French
sedition	French
seditious	French
seduce	Latin
seduction	French
seductive	Latin
sedulity	Latin
sedum	Latin
see	French
seem	North Germanic
seemly	North Germanic
seen	West Germanic
seep	West Germanic
seersucker	Indian
segment	Latin
segregate	Latin
segue	Romance (other)
seigneur	French
seignior	French
seigniorage	French
seine	West Germanic
seisin	French
seismo-	Greek
sejm	Slavic
select	Latin
Selene	Greek
self-	West Germanic
Selina	Latin
Seljuk	Altaic
seltzer	West Germanic
semantic	French
semaphore	Greek
sematic	Greek
semblable	French
semblance	French
seme	French
seme	Greek
semen	Latin
semester	West Germanic
semi-	Latin
semicircular	Latin
seminal	French
seminar	West Germanic
semination	Latin
semiotic	Greek
Semitic	Latin
sempiternal	French
senator	French
senatorial	French
Seneca	West Germanic
senior	Latin
seniority	Latin
senna	Latin
sennight	West Germanic
senor	Romance (other)
senorita	Romance (other)
sensate	Latin
sensation	French
sense	French
sensibility	French
sensible	Latin
sensitive	French
sensory	Latin
sensuality	French
sententious	French
sentient	Latin
sentiment	French
sentinel	French
Seoul	East Asian
sepal	French
separable	Latin
separate	Latin
separatrix	Latin
Sephardim	Semitic
sepia	Romance (other)
sepoy	Romance (other)
sepsis	Latin
sept	Latin
septangle	Latin
septem-	Latin
septemdecimal	Latin
septet	West Germanic
septi-	Latin
septic	Latin
septicemia	French
septuagenarian	Latin
Septuagint	Latin
sepulchre	French
sepulture	French
sequacious	Latin
sequel	French
sequela	Latin
sequester	French
sequin	French
serape	Romance (other)
seraph	West Germanic
seraphic	Latin
Serb	Slavic
Serbo-	Latin
Serena	Latin
serenade	French
serf	French
serge	French
sergeant	French
seriatim	Latin
series	Latin
serine	West Germanic
serious	French
sermocination	Latin
sermonize	Latin
serous	French
serpent	French
serpentine	French
serrate	Latin
serum	Latin
serval	Latin
servant	French
Servian	Latin
service	French
service	West Germanic
servient	Latin
servile	Latin
sesame	French
sesqui-	Latin
sesquipedalian	Latin
session	French
sestet	Romance (other)
set	French
Set	Greek
seta	Latin
Seth	Semitic
settle	West Germanic
severity	French
sex	Latin
sexagenarian	Latin
sexagesimal	Latin
sext	Latin
sextant	Latin
sextile	Latin
sexton	French
sextuple	Latin
sexual	Latin
sforzando	Romance (other)
sfumato	Romance (other)
Shabbat	Semitic
shabby	West Germanic
shack	Romance (other)
shako	Uralic
Shakti	West Germanic
shale	West Germanic
shallop	French
shaman	Slavic
shamrock	Celtic
shamus	West Germanic
shanachie	Celtic
shanty	French
sharia	Semitic
sharif	Semitic
shavuot	Semitic
shaw	West Germanic
she	West Germanic
shebeen	Celtic
sheela-na-gig	Celtic
sheen	West Germanic
sheep	West Germanic
sheik	Semitic
shekel	Semitic
shelter	West Germanic
Shetland	North Germanic
shewbread	Greek
Shia	Semitic
shih-tzu	East Asian
shiksa	West Germanic
Shin Bet	Semitic
shingle	Latin
shingles	Latin
Shinto	East Asian
shirk	West Germanic
shish kebab	other
shivah	Semitic
shoal	West Germanic
shock	French
shock	West Germanic
shod	West Germanic
shofar	Semitic
shogunate	East Asian
shop	West Germanic
should	West Germanic
shriek	North Germanic
shrine	Latin
shroud	West Germanic
shtick	West Germanic
shudder	West Germanic
shuffle	West Germanic
shufty	Semitic
shul	West Germanic
shut	West Germanic
si	Latin
sialo-	Greek
sibilant	Latin
sibilate	Latin
sibyl	French
sibylline	Latin
siccative	Latin
sice	French
Sicily	Latin
sickle	Latin
siddha	Indian
Sieg Heil	West Germanic
siege	French
Siegfried	West Germanic
Sierra Leone	Romance (other)
sierra	Romance (other)
siesta	Romance (other)
sigil	Latin
sign	French
signal	French
signatory	Latin
signature	French
signet	French
significance	French
significant	Latin
signification	French
signify	French
signor	Romance (other)
sike	West Germanic
Sikh	Indian
silence	French
silent	Latin
Silenus	Greek
Silesia	Latin
silica	Latin
silk	West Germanic
silo	Romance (other)
Silurian	Latin
silvern	West Germanic
simian	Latin
similar	French
simnel	French
simony	French
simpatico	Romance (other)
simplex	Latin
simplicity	French
simplification	French
simplify	French
simulacrum	Latin
simular	Latin
simulation	French
simurgh	Iranian
sincere	French
sincerity	French
sinciput	Latin
sine	Latin
sinecure	Latin
sinfonia	Romance (other)
singular	French
singularity	French
Sinhalese	Indian
Sinic	Latin
sinister	French
sinistral	French
Sino-	Latin
sinter	West Germanic
sinuate	Latin
sinus	Latin
siphon	Latin
sire	French
siren	French
sist	Latin
sister	West Germanic
Sistine	Romance (other)
sitar	Indian
sith	West Germanic
sitophobia	Greek
situation	French
sitzkrieg	West Germanic
Siva	Indian
sixth	West Germanic
skald	North Germanic
skat	West Germanic
skate	West Germanic
skein	French
skeleton	Latin
skelm	West Germanic
skep	North Germanic
skerry	North Germanic
skew	French
skiff	French
skill	North Germanic
skin	North Germanic
skink	French
skipper	West Germanic
skirmish	French
skirt	North Germanic
skite	North Germanic
skittish	North Germanic
skoal	North Germanic
skosh	East Asian
Skraeling	North Germanic
skua	North Germanic
sky	North Germanic
slain	West Germanic
slate	French
Slav	Latin
slaw	West Germanic
sled	West Germanic
sleight	North Germanic
slice	French
slim	West Germanic
sling	North Germanic
sling	West Germanic
slip	West Germanic
slippery	West Germanic
slither	West Germanic
slob	Celtic
slogan	Celtic
sloop	West Germanic
slop	West Germanic
slot	French
slot	West Germanic
sloth	West Germanic
slough	West Germanic
Slovene	West Germanic
sluggard	West Germanic
sluggish	West Germanic
sluice	Latin
slumber	West Germanic
slurp	West Germanic
sly	North Germanic
smack	West Germanic
smelt	West Germanic
SMERSH	Slavic
smicker	West Germanic
smidgen	West Germanic
smite	West Germanic
Smithfield	West Germanic
smithy	North Germanic
smorgasbord	North Germanic
smug	West Germanic
smuggler	West Germanic
snack	West Germanic
snap	West Germanic
snare	West Germanic
snarl	West Germanic
sneer	West Germanic
sneeze	West Germanic
snip	West Germanic
snite	West Germanic
snoop	West Germanic
snorkel	West Germanic
snot	West Germanic
snout	West Germanic
Snowdon	West Germanic
snub	North Germanic
soar	French
sobriety	French
sociability	French
sociable	French
social	French
socialism	French
socialist	French
sociality	French
society	French
sociology	French
sock	West Germanic
sod	West Germanic
sodality	French
sodden	West Germanic
sodomite	French
sodomy	French
sofa	Altaic
soffit	Romance (other)
soft	West Germanic
soigne	French
soil	French
soiree	French
sojourn	French
Sol	Latin
solace	French
solar	Latin
solarium	Latin
sold	West Germanic
solder	French
soldier	French
sole	French
solecism	French
solemn	French
solemnity	French
solemnization	French
solemnize	French
solenoid	French
soleus	Latin
solicit	French
solicitate	Latin
solicitation	French
solicitous	Latin
solicitude	French
solidarity	French
solidify	French
solidity	French
solidus	Latin
solifidian	Latin
soliloquy	Latin
solitary	French
solitude	French
solmization	French
solo	Romance (other)
solon	Greek
solstice	French
solstitial	Latin
solute	Latin
solution	French
solve	Latin
solvent	French
solvent	Latin
somber	French
sombrero	Romance (other)
somersault	French
Somerset	West Germanic
sommelier	French
somnambulism	French
somnolent	French
sonant	Latin
sone	Latin
sonic	Latin
sonnetteer	Romance (other)
sonority	French
sonorous	Latin
Sophia	Greek
sophism	French
sophist	Latin
sophisticate	Latin
sophistication	Latin
sophistry	French
Sophronia	Greek
-sophy	French
sopor	West Germanic
soporific	French
soprano	Romance (other)
sorb	French
Sorb	West Germanic
sorbet	French
sorcerer	French
sorcery	French
sordid	Latin
sorghum	Latin
sororal	Latin
sorority	Latin
sort	French
sortie	French
soteriological	West Germanic
soteriology	West Germanic
souffle	French
sought	West Germanic
souk	French
sound	French
sound	North Germanic
soup	French
soupcon	French
source	French
sous chef	French
souse	French
souter	Latin
Southron	West Germanic
souvenir	French
souvlaki	Greek
sovereign	French
soviet	Slavic
soy	West Germanic
space	Latin
spacious	French
Spad	French
spade	Romance (other)
spado	Latin
spaghetti	Romance (other)
spall	West Germanic
span	West Germanic
spanandry	French
spandrel	Latin
spangle	West Germanic
Spaniard	French
spaniel	French
sparse	Latin
Sparta	Greek
Spartacist	West Germanic
Spartan	Latin
spasm	French
spasmatic	French
spasmodic	French
spastic	Latin
spate	French
spathic	French
spatula	Latin
spatulate	Latin
spavin	French
special	French
specialist	French
speciality	French
specialty	French
species	Latin
specific	French
specification	Latin
specificity	French
specify	French
specimen	Latin
specious	Latin
spectacular	Latin
spectator	Latin
spectrometer	West Germanic
spectrum	Latin
specular	Latin
speculation	French
speculator	Latin
speculum	Latin
spell	West Germanic
spelt	Latin
spelunk	French
spend	Latin
Spenserian	other
sperate	Latin
sperm	French
spermaceti	Latin
spermatic	French
spermatogenesis	Greek
spessartite	French
sphagnum	Latin
spheno-	Greek
spheroid	Latin
sphygmo-	Greek
spicate	Latin
spicule	French
spigot	French
spike	Latin
spile	West Germanic
spinal	Latin
spine	French
spinet	French
spinster	West Germanic
spiracle	Latin
spirant	Latin
spiritual	French
spirituality	French
spirituous	Latin
spirometer	Latin
spissitude	Latin
Spitz	West Germanic
splanchno-	Greek
spleen	French
splendid	Latin
splendiferous	Latin
splendor	French
splenetic	Latin
spleno-	Greek
splice	West Germanic
splinter	West Germanic
spodomancy	Greek
spoil	French
spoliation	Latin
spondee	French
spondulicks	Greek
spondyle	French
spondylo-	Greek
spondylolisthesis	Greek
spondylosis	Greek
sponge	Latin
spongiform	Latin
sponsor	Latin
spontaneity	French
spontaneous	Latin
spook	West Germanic
spoor	West Germanic
sporadic	Latin
sporangium	Greek
spore	Latin
sporo-	Greek
sporran	Celtic
spot	West Germanic
spouse	French
sprat	West Germanic
sprawl	West Germanic
spray	West Germanic
spread	West Germanic
spree	North Germanic
spring	West Germanic
sprite	French
spumescent	Latin
spumoni	Romance (other)
spurge	French
spurious	Latin
sputum	Latin
spy	French
squad	French
squadron	Romance (other)
squalid	French
squalor	Latin
squamous	Latin
square	French
squash	French
squire	French
stable	French
stadium	Latin
Stafford	West Germanic
stag	West Germanic
stage	French
stagnant	French
stagnate	Latin
stain	French
stalag	West Germanic
stall	French
stalwart	West Germanic
stammtisch	West Germanic
stampede	Romance (other)
-stan	Iranian
stanchion	French
Stanislavsky	Slavic
stannous	Latin
staple	West Germanic
stark-naked	West Germanic
-stat	Greek
state	French
stater	Greek
static	Latin
statics	Latin
station	French
stationary	French
stationer	Latin
stator	Latin
statue	French
stature	French
status quo	Latin
status	Latin
statute	French
staunch	French
stay	French
stay	West Germanic
stegosaurus	Latin
stein	West Germanic
Steinway	other
stele	Greek
stellate	Latin
stencil	West Germanic
steno-	Greek
stenosis	Greek
step	West Germanic
Stephen	Latin
steppe	West Germanic
stere	French
stereo-	Greek
sterile	French
sterilize	French
sterling	West Germanic
stet	Latin
stevedore	Romance (other)
stichomythia	Greek
stickleback	West Germanic
stigma	Latin
stigmatic	Latin
stigmatism	Greek
stigmatize	Latin
stimulant	French
stimulate	Latin
stinking	West Germanic
stint	West Germanic
stipe	French
stipple	West Germanic
stipulation	Latin
stipule	French
stoa	Greek
stochastic	Greek
stoic	Latin
stoichiometry	West Germanic
stoicism	Latin
stoker	West Germanic
stola	Greek
stolidity	French
stolon	Latin
stoma	Greek
stomach	French
stomatitis	Greek
stoop	West Germanic
stop	Latin
stope	West Germanic
store	French
stound	West Germanic
stout	French
stove	West Germanic
strabismus	Greek
Stradivarius	Latin
strafe	West Germanic
strain	West Germanic
strait	French
strange	French
strangle	French
strangulation	Latin
stratagem	French
strategic	French
strategy	French
stratification	Latin
stratify	French
stratigraphy	Latin
stratocracy	Greek
stratum	Latin
stratus	Latin
strenuous	Latin
strepto-	Latin
streptomycin	Latin
stress	French
stria	Latin
strict	Latin
stricture	Latin
stride	West Germanic
strident	French
stridor	Latin
stridulous	Latin
strife	French
strigil	Latin
strip	West Germanic
stripe	West Germanic
strive	French
strobic	Greek
stroke	West Germanic
stroma	Latin
strop	French
strophe	Greek
structure	Latin
strudel	West Germanic
strut	West Germanic
struthious	Latin
strychnine	French
stubble	French
stucco	Romance (other)
stud	West Germanic
student	French
studious	Latin
stuff	French
Stuka	West Germanic
stultify	Latin
stupefaction	Latin
stupid	French
stupidity	Latin
stupor	Latin
sturdy	French
sty	West Germanic
style	French
stylet	French
suasion	French
suasive	French
suave	Latin
suavity	Latin
subdivide	Latin
subduce	Latin
subdue	French
subfusc	Latin
subjacent	Latin
subject	French
subject	Latin
subjoin	French
subjugation	Latin
sublimation	Latin
sublime	French
subliminal	Latin
sublimity	Latin
sublunary	Latin
subluxation	Latin
submerse	Latin
submersion	Latin
submission	French
submissive	Latin
submit	Latin
subordinate	Latin
subordination	Latin
suborn	French
subornation	Latin
subpoena	Latin
subrogation	French
subscribe	Latin
subscript	Latin
subsequence	Latin
subsequent	French
subservient	Latin
subside	Latin
subsidence	Latin
subsidiarity	West Germanic
subsist	French
subsistence	Latin
subsistent	Latin
substance	French
substantial	French
substantiate	Latin
substantive	French
substantive	Latin
substitute	French
substract	Latin
substrate	Latin
subsume	Latin
subtend	Latin
subterfuge	French
subterranean	Latin
subtility	French
subtle	French
subtlety	French
subtraction	Latin
subtrahend	Latin
suburb	French
subvention	French
subversion	French
subversive	Latin
subvert	French
succeed	French
success	Latin
succession	French
successive	Latin
succinct	French
succor	French
succulent	French
succumb	French
sucro-	Latin
sucrose	French
suction	Latin
suctorial	Latin
Sudan	Semitic
sudarium	Latin
sudorific	Latin
suds	West Germanic
Suez	Semitic
sufferance	French
sufficiency	Latin
sufficient	French
suffix	Latin
suffocate	Latin
suffocation	French
suffrage	French
suffuse	Latin
suffusion	Latin
Sufi	Semitic
sugar	French
suicide	Latin
suite	French
sulcate	Latin
sulfate	French
sulfide	French
sulphureous	Latin
sultan	French
sultana	Romance (other)
sum	French
Sumerian	French
summary	Latin
summation	Latin
summit	French
summons	French
sumo	East Asian
sump	West Germanic
sumpter	French
sumptuary	Latin
sumptuous	French
sup	French
superable	Latin
superabundance	Latin
superb	Latin
superciliary	Latin
supercilious	Latin
supercilium	Latin
supererogatory	Latin
superficial	Latin
superfluity	French
superhuman	Latin
superintendence	Latin
superintendent	Latin
superior	French
superior	Latin
supernatant	Latin
supernumerary	Latin
superpose	French
superposition	French
superscribe	Latin
superscript	French
superscription	Latin
supersede	French
superstition	Latin
supervenient	Latin
supervention	Latin
supervise	Latin
supervision	Latin
supination	Latin
supplant	French
supple	French
supplement	Latin
suppliant	French
support	French
suppose	French
supposition	Latin
supposititious	Latin
suppress	Latin
suppression	Latin
suppurate	Latin
suppuration	French
supreme	French
sura	Semitic
surcoat	French
surd	Latin
surety	French
surface	French
surfeit	French
surge	French
surgery	French
surmise	French
surmount	French
surpass	French
surplus	French
surplusage	Latin
surprise	French
surrealism	French
surrealist	French
surrender	French
surreptitious	Latin
surrogate	Latin
surrogation	Latin
surtax	French
surveillance	French
Susan	French
Susanna	Latin
susceptibility	Latin
susceptible	Latin
susceptive	Latin
suscitate	Latin
suspect	French
suspension	Latin
suspicious	French
suspiration	Latin
suspire	French
susurration	Latin
susurrus	Latin
sutile	Latin
sutler	West Germanic
sutra	Indian
suture	Latin
suzerain	French
suzerainty	French
Swahili	Semitic
swain	North Germanic
swale	North Germanic
swami	Indian
sward	West Germanic
Sweden	West Germanic
sweepstakes	West Germanic
swelter	West Germanic
swindler	West Germanic
swingle	West Germanic
Swiss	French
sybarite	Greek
sybaritic	Latin
sycamore	French
sycophant	French
sycophantic	Greek
Sydney	West Germanic
syllabic	Latin
syllabus	Latin
syllepsis	Latin
syllogism	French
sylph	Latin
sylphid	French
sylvan	French
Sylvanus	Latin
Sylvester	Latin
Sylvia	Latin
sym-	Greek
symbiosis	Greek
symbol	Latin
symbolization	French
symbolize	French
symmetrize	French
symmetry	French
sympathetic	Latin
sympathize	French
symposium	Latin
symptomatic	French
syn-	Greek
synagogue	French
synallagmatic	Greek
synapse	Greek
synapsis	Greek
synaptic	Greek
synchronic	Latin
synchronous	Latin
synchrony	Greek
syncopation	Latin
syncope	Latin
syncretism	French
syncretize	Latin
syndic	French
syndicalism	French
syndicate	French
synecdoche	Latin
synechia	Greek
synergetic	Greek
synergism	Latin
synergy	Latin
synod	Latin
synodal	Latin
synodic	Latin
synonymy	French
synoptic	Latin
synovial	Latin
syntactical	Latin
syntax	French
synthesis	Latin
synthetic	French
syphilitic	Latin
Syria	Greek
Syriac	Latin
syringe	Latin
syrup	French
systaltic	Latin
systematic	French
systematize	French
systole	Greek
systolic	Latin
tabagie	French
tabard	French
tabbouli	Semitic
tabby	French
tabernacle	French
tablature	French
table	French
tableau	French
tablet	French
tabor	French
tabula rasa	Latin
tabular	French
tacho-	Latin
tachy-	Latin
tachygraphy	Latin
tacit	French
taciturnity	French
tackle	West Germanic
tactical	Latin
tactics	Latin
tactile	French
tactual	Latin
taffeta	French
Tagalog	East Asian
tagliatelle	Romance (other)
Tahoe	other
taiga	Slavic
tain	French
taint	French
taint	West Germanic
Taiwan	East Asian
talaria	Latin
talc	French
talcum	Latin
talent	French
talipes	Latin
talisman	French
tall	West Germanic
Talladega	other
Tallahassee	other
tally	Latin
tally-ho	French
talon	French
talus	French
talus	Latin
tamarind	Semitic
tamarisk	Latin
tambourine	French
Tamil	Indian
Tammuz	Semitic
tampion	French
tan	Latin
tanager	Latin
tandoor	Altaic
tangent	Latin
tangible	French
tango	Romance (other)
tanist	Celtic
tanka	East Asian
tankard	Latin
tannery	French
tannin	French
tantalize	Greek
tantra	Indian
tao	East Asian
Taoism	East Asian
tap	French
tape	Latin
tapenade	French
tapestry	French
tapetum	Latin
tapioca	Romance (other)
tarantula	Latin
tardation	Latin
tardy	French
tare	West Germanic
targe	French
target	French
tarn	North Germanic
taroc	Romance (other)
tarot	French
tarragon	Latin
tarsus	Greek
tart	French
tartan	French
tartar	French
Tartar	Latin
Tartarus	Greek
task	French
taste	French
tatami	East Asian
tattoo	West Germanic
tau	Semitic
taught	West Germanic
taunt	French
taupe	French
taurine	Latin
tauromachy	Greek
Taurus	Latin
tautog	other
tavern	French
taw	West Germanic
tax	French
taxeme	Greek
taxidermy	Greek
taxine	Latin
taxis	Greek
taxonomy	French
tay	French
Te Deum	Latin
teak	Romance (other)
teat	French
technetium	Greek
technic	Latin
technique	French
techno-	Latin
technology	Greek
tedium	Latin
tefillin	Semitic
tegular	Latin
Tehran	Iranian
tektite	West Germanic
telangiectasia	Greek
tele-	Greek
telecommunication	French
telegony	Greek
telegraph	French
telemeter	French
teleology	Latin
telephone	French
telescope	Romance (other)
television	French
telic	Greek
tellurium	Latin
telophase	Greek
telson	Greek
temerarious	Latin
temerity	Latin
temper	Latin
tempera	Romance (other)
temperament	Latin
temperate	Latin
tempest	French
template	French
temple	French
temple	Latin
tempo	Romance (other)
temporal	French
temporality	Latin
temporize	French
temptation	French
tempter	French
tenable	French
tenacious	Latin
tenacity	French
tendential	Latin
tendentious	West Germanic
tender	French
tender	West Germanic
tendinitis	Latin
tendon	Latin
tendril	French
tenebrous	French
tenesmus	Greek
tenon	French
tenor	French
tense	French
tense	Latin
tensile	Latin
tension	French
tent	French
tentacle	Latin
tentative	Latin
tenter	Latin
tenuious	Latin
tenuous	Latin
tephromancy	Latin
tepid	Latin
tequila	Romance (other)
ter-	Latin
tera-	Greek
terceroon	Romance (other)
tercet	Romance (other)
terebinth	French
terminable	Latin
terminal	Latin
terminate	Latin
termination	French
terminator	Latin
terminer	French
terminus	Latin
terpsichorean	Latin
terra firma	Latin
terra	West Germanic
terrace	French
terrain	French
terran	Latin
terrarium	Latin
terrazzo	Romance (other)
terrestrial	Latin
terrier	French
terrific	Latin
terrify	Latin
territorial	Latin
territory	Latin
terror	French
terrorism	French
terrorist	French
terse	French
tesla	other
tessellation	Latin
test	French
testament	Latin
testamentary	Latin
testate	Latin
testicle	Latin
testicular	Latin
testimony	French
testis	Latin
testosterone	West Germanic
testy	West Germanic
tetanus	Latin
tetchy	West Germanic
tete	French
tete-a-tete	French
Teton	other
tetra-	Greek
tetrad	Greek
tetrahedron	Greek
tetralogy	Greek
tetrameter	Latin
tetrapod	Latin
tetrarch	Latin
text	French
textile	Latin
Thaddeus	Latin
thalamus	Latin
thalasso-	Greek
Thalia	Latin
thallium	Greek
thallus	Greek
thalweg	West Germanic
Thames	Latin
Thammuz	Semitic
thanato-	Greek
thanatos	Greek
thanks	West Germanic
that	West Germanic
thatch	West Germanic
thaught	West Germanic
thaumaturgy	Greek
the	West Germanic
Thea	Greek
theater	French
theco-	Latin
theist	Greek
them	North Germanic
thematic	Greek
theme	French
Themistocles	Greek
thence	West Germanic
theo-	Greek
Theobald	Latin
theocrat	Greek
theodicy	French
Theodoric	Latin
theogony	Greek
theologian	French
theological	Latin
theologist	Latin
theophany	Latin
theorem	French
theoretical	Greek
theory	Latin
theosophy	Latin
ther-	Greek
therapy	Latin
thereabouts	West Germanic
Theresa	French
thermal	French
thermo-	Greek
thermometer	French
Thermos	Greek
thesaurus	Latin
thesis	Latin
Thessaly	Greek
theta	Semitic
theurgy	Latin
Third World	French
thirteen	West Germanic
thirteenth	West Germanic
thirtieth	West Germanic
thirty	West Germanic
thixotropy	Greek
thole	West Germanic
Thomas	Greek
Thor	North Germanic
thoral	Latin
thorax	Latin
though	West Germanic
threaten	West Germanic
threnody	Greek
thrift	West Germanic
thrombus	Greek
throne	French
throng	West Germanic
throttle	West Germanic
throw	West Germanic
thug	Indian
thunder	West Germanic
thwaite	North Germanic
thyme	French
thymus	Greek
thyroid	Greek
tiara	Latin
Tiber	Celtic
Tibert	West Germanic
tibia	Latin
tic	French
tiger	French
tight	West Germanic
tighten	West Germanic
Tiki	other
tilapia	Greek
tile	West Germanic
tiller	French
timbre	French
timbrel	French
timidity	Latin
timocracy	French
timorous	French
Timothy	French
timpani	Romance (other)
tincture	Latin
tine	West Germanic
tinea	Latin
tinge	Latin
tinnitus	Latin
tinsel	French
tint	Latin
tintinnabulation	Latin
tip	West Germanic
Tipperary	Celtic
tippet	West Germanic
tirade	French
tisane	French
tissue	French
titan	Latin
tithe	West Germanic
titillation	Latin
title	French
tmesis	Greek
to	West Germanic
to-	West Germanic
toadstool	West Germanic
tobacco	Romance (other)
toboggan	French
toccata	Romance (other)
Todd	West Germanic
toft	North Germanic
toga	Latin
toil	French
toile	French
toilet	French
Tokyo	East Asian
tole	French
tolerable	French
tolerance	French
tolerate	Latin
toll	Latin
tomato	Romance (other)
tombola	Romance (other)
tome	French
tom-fool	West Germanic
tomography	Greek
tomorrow	West Germanic
tom-tom	Indian
ton	French
tone	French
Tong	East Asian
tonic	Greek
tonite	Latin
tonneau	French
tonsil	Latin
tontine	French
topaz	French
tope	Romance (other)
topiary	Latin
topography	Latin
topology	Greek
toponym	Greek
toque	French
Torah	Semitic
torch	French
torchiere	French
toreador	Romance (other)
torment	French
torn	West Germanic
tornado	Romance (other)
toro	Romance (other)
torpedo	Latin
torpid	Latin
torque	Latin
torrid	Latin
torsion	French
torso	Romance (other)
tort	French
torte	West Germanic
torticollis	Latin
tortilla	Romance (other)
tortoise	West Germanic
torture	French
torus	Latin
Tory	Celtic
total	French
totipotent	Latin
toucan	French
touch	French
touche	French
toupee	French
tour	French
tourniquet	French
toxic	French
toxicology	French
trace	French
trachea	Latin
trachoma	Latin
track	French
tract	Latin
tractable	Latin
traction	Latin
tractor	Latin
trade	West Germanic
traduce	Latin
traffic	French
tragedian	French
tragus	Greek
trail	French
train	French
trait	French
traitorous	French
tram	West Germanic
tramp	West Germanic
trampoline	Romance (other)
trance	French
tranche	French
tranquility	French
trans-	Latin
transaction	French
transcend	French
transcendental	Latin
transcript	Latin
transduction	Latin
transect	Latin
transept	Latin
transfer	French
transfiguration	Latin
transfix	French
transform	French
transformative	Latin
transfuse	Latin
transgression	French
transient	Latin
transition	Latin
transitive	Latin
translator	French
translucent	Latin
transmigration	French
transmissible	Latin
transmit	Latin
transmutation	French
transmute	Latin
transom	Latin
transparency	Latin
transparent	Latin
transpiration	Latin
transpire	French
transplant	Latin
transpontine	Latin
transpose	French
transposition	French
transubstantiation	Latin
transversal	Latin
transverse	Latin
transvestite	West Germanic
trapezius	Latin
trapezoid	Latin
Trappist	French
traps	North Germanic
trattoria	Romance (other)
trauma	Greek
traumatic	French
traumatize	Greek
travail	French
trave	French
traverse	French
travertine	Romance (other)
trawl	West Germanic
treacherous	French
treacle	French
treadle	West Germanic
treasury	French
treble	French
tref	West Germanic
trek	West Germanic
trellis	French
tremendous	Latin
tremolo	Romance (other)
tremor	French
tremulous	Latin
trench	French
trenchant	French
trend	West Germanic
Trenton	other
trepan	French
trephine	French
trepidation	French
tres	French
trespass	French
tress	French
trestle	French
triad	Latin
triage	French
triangle	French
triangular	Latin
tribadism	French
tribunal	French
tribune	Latin
tributary	Latin
triceps	Latin
triceratops	Greek
trick	French
tricolor	French
tricot	French
tricuspid	Latin
tricycle	French
trident	Latin
trig	North Germanic
trigeminal	Latin
trigger	West Germanic
trigonometry	Latin
trilateral	Latin
trill	Romance (other)
trillion	French
trillium	Latin
trilobite	Latin
trilogy	Greek
trim	West Germanic
trimester	French
trimeter	Latin
trine	French
trinity	French
trio	French
triolet	French
trip	French
tripartite	Latin
tripe	French
triple	French
triplicate	Latin
tripod	Latin
trireme	Latin
triskaidekaphobia	Greek
trismus	Greek
Tristram	Celtic
trite	Latin
triticale	Latin
tritium	Greek
triturate	Latin
triumph	French
triumphal	Latin
triumphant	Latin
triumvir	Latin
triumvirate	Latin
triviality	French
trivium	Latin
trochaic	French
trochanter	French
troika	Slavic
Trojan	Latin
troll	North Germanic
trombone	Romance (other)
trope	Latin
tropho-	Greek
trophy	French
-trophy	Greek
tropic	Latin
troposphere	French
trot	French
Trotskyite	other
trouble	French
troublous	French
troupe	French
trout	French
trowel	French
truce	West Germanic
truck	French
truck	Latin
truculence	Latin
truffle	French
trull	West Germanic
trumeau	French
trump	French
trumpery	French
trumpet	French
truncate	Latin
truncation	Latin
truncheon	French
trundle	West Germanic
trunk	French
trunnion	French
truss	French
trust	North Germanic
truth	West Germanic
trypsin	Greek
tsunami	East Asian
Tuatha de Danann	Celtic
tuba	French
tube	French
tuber	Latin
tubercle	Latin
tubercular	Latin
tuberculosis	Latin
tubular	Latin
Tucson	Romance (other)
Tudor	Celtic
tufa	Romance (other)
tuffet	French
Tuileries	French
tulip	Altaic
tumefaction	Latin
tumescence	French
tumescent	Latin
tumid	Latin
tumor	Latin
tumulous	Latin
tumult	French
tumulus	Latin
tundra	Slavic
tung	East Asian
tungsten	North Germanic
tunic	French
tunnel	French
tunny	French
turban	French
turbid	Latin
turbine	French
turbulence	Latin
turbulent	French
tureen	French
turgid	Latin
Turk	French
Turkey	Latin
Turkoman	Latin
turmoil	Latin
turpentine	French
turpitude	French
turret	French
turtle	French
Tuscan	Romance (other)
tush	West Germanic
tussive	Latin
tutelary	Latin
tutor	French
tweak	West Germanic
twelfth	West Germanic
twi-	West Germanic
twice	West Germanic
twill	West Germanic
twin	West Germanic
twist	West Germanic
twit	West Germanic
-ty	West Germanic
tycoon	East Asian
tympanum	Latin
type	Latin
typhoon	Greek
typical	Latin
typify	Latin
typology	Greek
tyrannical	Latin
tyrannosaurus	Greek
tyrannous	Latin
Tyrian	Latin
tyro	Latin
Tyrone	Celtic
Tyrrhenian	Latin
U-bahn	West Germanic
ubeity	Latin
ubi	Latin
uilleann	Celtic
ukase	Slavic
ukulele	other
ulcer	French
ulceration	Latin
ulcerous	Latin
ulema	Semitic
Ulrich	West Germanic
ulterior	Latin
ultimate	Latin
ultimo	Latin
Ulysses	Latin
umbel	Latin
umber	French
umbilical	Latin
umbra	Latin
umbrage	French
umbrageous	French
umbrella	Romance (other)
umiak	other
umma	Semitic
umpire	French
unanimity	French
unanimous	Latin
uncial	Latin
uncle	French
unction	Latin
unctuous	French
undecennial	Latin
undine	Latin
undulant	Latin
une	Latin
ungainly	West Germanic
ungual	Latin
unguent	Latin
ungulate	Latin
Uniate	Slavic
unicycle	Latin
uniform	French
uniformity	French
unify	French
unique	French
unison	French
unitarian	Latin
unite	Latin
universal	French
universe	French
univocal	Latin
unrighteous	West Germanic
unto	West Germanic
unwearied	West Germanic
Upanishad	Indian
upon	West Germanic
Urania	Latin
Uranus	Latin
urban	Latin
Urban	Latin
urbane	French
urbanity	French
urchin	French
Urdu	Indian
ure	French
urea	French
uremia	Latin
urethane	French
urge	Latin
urgent	French
urinal	French
urinary	Latin
urine	French
urn	Latin
uro-	Greek
Ursula	Latin
us	West Germanic
use	French
usual	French
usufruct	Latin
usurp	French
usurpation	French
usury	Latin
Utah	Romance (other)
utensil	French
uterine	French
uterus	Latin
Utgard	North Germanic
utilize	French
utopia	Latin
utter	West Germanic
uvula	Latin
uxorial	Latin
uxoricide	French
vacancy	Latin
vaccine	French
vacillate	Latin
vacuole	French
vacuous	Latin
vacuum	Latin
vagabond	French
vagary	Romance (other)
vagitus	Latin
vague	French
vain	French
vainglory	French
vair	French
vale	French
valedictory	Latin
Valencia	Latin
Valentine	Latin
Valerie	Latin
Valhalla	North Germanic
validity	French
valise	French
Valkyrie	North Germanic
valuation	French
value	French
valve	Latin
vampire	French
vanadium	North Germanic
Vanessa	Greek
vaniloquence	Latin
vanity	French
vanquish	French
vapid	Latin
vaporetto	Romance (other)
vaporous	Latin
vappa	Latin
variable	French
variance	French
variant	French
variation	French
varices	Latin
varicocele	Latin
varicolored	Latin
varicose	Latin
variegate	Latin
variety	French
variform	Latin
varify	Latin
various	French
varlet	French
varnish	French
varus	Latin
varvel	French
vary	French
vasculature	Latin
vasculitis	Latin
vase	French
vassal	French
vassalage	French
vaterland	West Germanic
vatic	Latin
Vatican	Latin
vaticinate	Latin
vaticination	Latin
vaudeville	French
vault	French
vector	Latin
vedette	French
veer	French
Vega	Semitic
vegetable	French
vegetation	French
vegetative	French
vehemence	French
vehement	French
vehicle	French
vehicular	Latin
veil	French
vein	French
velar	Latin
Velcro	French
velleity	Latin
velocipede	French
velociraptor	Latin
velocity	Latin
velodrome	French
velour	French
velum	Latin
venal	French
venality	French
venation	Latin
vend	Latin
Vendee	Celtic
vendetta	Romance (other)
vendue	West Germanic
venerable	French
veneration	French
venereal	Latin
venery	French
venery	Latin
Venetian	Latin
venge	French
venial	French
Venice	Latin
venison	French
venous	Latin
vent	French
ventilate	Latin
ventilation	Latin
ventricle	Latin
ventriloquy	Latin
venule	Latin
Venus	Latin
veracity	French
veranda	Indian
verb	French
verbal	French
verbalize	French
verbarian	Latin
verbatim	Latin
verbena	Latin
verbiculture	Latin
verbigeration	Latin
verbosity	French
verdant	French
verdigris	French
verdure	French
verge	French
verge	Latin
veridical	Latin
verification	Latin
verify	French
verily	West Germanic
verisimilitude	French
verism	Romance (other)
vermicelli	Romance (other)
vermiculite	Latin
vermiform	Latin
vermouth	French
vernal	Latin
verruca	Latin
versant	Latin
versatile	Latin
versification	Latin
versify	French
verso	Latin
verst	Slavic
versus	Latin
vertebra	Latin
vertical	French
vertiginous	French
vertigo	Latin
vervain	French
vesicant	Latin
vesicle	French
vesicular	Latin
vesper	French
vespertine	Latin
vespiary	Latin
vest	French
vestal	Latin
vestment	French
Vesuvius	Celtic
vetch	French
veteran	French
veterinarian	Latin
veterinary	Latin
veto	Latin
vex	French
vexation	French
vexillology	Latin
via	Latin
viability	French
viable	French
viaduct	Latin
viaticum	Latin
vibrate	Latin
vibrissa	Latin
viburnum	Latin
vicarious	Latin
vice	French
viceroy	French
vicinity	French
victim	Latin
victimology	French
vicuna	Romance (other)
video	Latin
Vienna	Celtic
Vietnam	East Asian
vigilant	French
vignette	French
vilification	Latin
villa	Romance (other)
village	French
villainous	French
vim	Latin
vinaigrette	French
vincible	French
vinculum	Latin
vindicate	Latin
vindication	French
vindicative	French
vinous	Latin
vintner	Latin
viol	French
Viola	Latin
viola	Romance (other)
violate	Latin
violation	French
violent	French
violet	French
violin	Romance (other)
violinist	Romance (other)
violoncello	Romance (other)
viper	French
viperine	Latin
virago	Latin
Virginia	Latin
virgule	French
virile	French
virtu	Romance (other)
virtual	Latin
virtuosity	Latin
virtuoso	Romance (other)
virtuous	French
virus	Latin
visa	French
visceral	French
viscosity	French
Vishnu	Indian
visibility	Latin
visible	French
Visigoth	Latin
visit	French
vitamin	Latin
vitiate	Latin
vitiation	Latin
viticulture	French
vitiligo	Latin
vitreous	Latin
vitrify	French
vitriol	French
vitriolic	French
vituperation	Latin
viva	Romance (other)
vivace	Romance (other)
vivacious	Latin
vivacity	French
vivarium	Latin
Vivian	Latin
vivid	French
vivify	French
viviparous	Latin
vizier	Altaic
Vlach	Slavic
vocabulary	Latin
vocalization	French
vocation	French
vocative	French
vociferation	Latin
vociferous	Latin
vodka	Slavic
vogue	French
voice	French
voile	French
voir dire	French
volant	French
volatile	French
volcanic	French
volcanism	French
volcano	Romance (other)
vole	North Germanic
volley	French
volubility	French
volume	French
voluminous	Latin
voluntary	Latin
volunteer	French
voluptuary	French
voluptuous	French
volvox	Latin
volvulus	Latin
voodoo	French
voracity	French
vorlage	West Germanic
vote	Latin
vowel	French
vox	West Germanic
voyage	French
voyager	French
voyeur	French
vug	Celtic
vulgar	Latin
vulgarity	French
Vulgate	Latin
vulnerable	Latin
Vulpecula	Latin
vulpine	Latin
vulva	Latin
wad	Latin
wadi	Semitic
waffle	West Germanic
wage	French
wail	North Germanic
wainscot	West Germanic
wait	French
wake	West Germanic
Wallach	West Germanic
wall-eyed	North Germanic
Walloon	French
wallop	French
wallow	West Germanic
Walpurgis night	West Germanic
Walter	French
wampum	other
wand	North Germanic
wander	West Germanic
wanderlust	West Germanic
wangle	West Germanic
want	North Germanic
warble	French
warden	French
wardrobe	French
warrant	French
warrior	French
wary	West Germanic
wassail	North Germanic
Wassermann	West Germanic
wat	Indian
Waterloo	West Germanic
weakfish	West Germanic
weal	West Germanic
wealth	West Germanic
wean	West Germanic
wedgwood	other
weeds	West Germanic
weenie	West Germanic
Wehrmacht	West Germanic
weld	West Germanic
welfare	West Germanic
weltanschauung	West Germanic
weltschmerz	West Germanic
Wenceslas	Latin
Wend	West Germanic
westerly	West Germanic
wheal	West Germanic
whence	West Germanic
whilom	West Germanic
whirl	North Germanic
whisk	North Germanic
whiskey	Celtic
whoop	French
whore	West Germanic
whoredom	North Germanic
whose	West Germanic
wick	West Germanic
widdershins	West Germanic
wife	West Germanic
wile	French
William	French
wilt	West Germanic
winch	West Germanic
window	North Germanic
Winfred	West Germanic
wing	North Germanic
wiseacre	West Germanic
wist	West Germanic
witch hazel	West Germanic
withal	West Germanic
withe	West Germanic
wizard	West Germanic
wobble	West Germanic
wondrous	West Germanic
wood	West Germanic
workaday	North Germanic
worry	West Germanic
wot	West Germanic
wrack	West Germanic
wrangle	West Germanic
wrap	West Germanic
wrasse	Celtic
wriggle	West Germanic
wrong	North Germanic
wunderkind	West Germanic
wurst	West Germanic
wyvern	West Germanic
xanthosis	Greek
xanthous	Greek
xebec	French
Xenia	Greek
xenial	Greek
xenon	Greek
xerasia	Greek
xerography	Greek
Xerxes	Iranian
xiphias	Greek
xylem	West Germanic
xylene	Greek
xylophagous	Latin
xylophone	Greek
xyster	Greek
yacht	North Germanic
yak	East Asian
Yakima	other
yam	Romance (other)
yammer	West Germanic
yang	East Asian
Yankee	West Germanic
yard	West Germanic
yarmulke	West Germanic
yawl	West Germanic
yawn	West Germanic
Yemen	Semitic
Yggdrasil	North Germanic
Yiddish	West Germanic
yoga	Indian
yogi	Indian
Yom Kippur	Semitic
yonder	West Germanic
younker	West Germanic
yuan	East Asian
yucca	Romance (other)
yurt	Slavic
zakat	Iranian
zany	French
zarf	Semitic
zeal	French
zealot	Latin
zealous	Latin
zebra	Romance (other)
Zebulon	Semitic
zed	French
zek	Slavic
Zend	Iranian
zenith	French
Zephaniah	Semitic
zeppelin	West Germanic
zetetic	Latin
zeugma	Greek
Ziegfeld	Romance (other)
ziggurat	Semitic
zig-zag	French
zinc	West Germanic
Zion	Greek
Zionism	West Germanic
zircon	West Germanic
zither	West Germanic
zloty	Slavic
zoanthropy	French
zodiac	French
Zoe	West Germanic
zoetrope	Greek
zollverein	West Germanic
zonal	Latin
zone	Latin
zoology	Latin
zoon	Greek
zoonosis	Greek
zori	East Asian
zorro	Romance (other)
zucchetto	Romance (other)
zugzwang	West Germanic
Zurich	Celtic
zwieback	West Germanic
zydeco	French
zygoma	Greek
zygote	Greek
Zyklon	West Germanic
zymurgy	Greek
